### Title: Machine Learning to Predict Aerodynamic Stall
* Paper ID: 2207.03424v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03424v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03424v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-07-07
* Categories: ['physics.flu-dyn', 'cs.LG']
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A convolutional autoencoder is trained using a database of airfoil
aerodynamic simulations and assessed in terms of overall accuracy and
interpretability. The goal is to predict the stall and to investigate the
ability of the autoencoder to distinguish between the linear and non-linear
response of the airfoil pressure distribution to changes in the angle of
attack. After a sensitivity analysis on the learning infrastructure, we
investigate the latent space identified by the autoencoder targeting extreme
compression rates, i.e. very low-dimensional reconstructions. We also propose a
strategy to use the decoder to generate new synthetic airfoil geometries and
aerodynamic solutions by interpolation and extrapolation in the latent
representation learned by the autoencoder.

### Title: Robust Watermarking for Video Forgery Detection with Improved Imperceptibility and Robustness
* Paper ID: 2207.03409v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03409v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03409v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-07-07
* Categories: ['cs.CV']
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Videos are prone to tampering attacks that alter the meaning and deceive the
audience. Previous video forgery detection schemes find tiny clues to locate
the tampered areas. However, attackers can successfully evade supervision by
destroying such clues using video compression or blurring. This paper proposes
a video watermarking network for tampering localization. We jointly train a
3D-UNet-based watermark embedding network and a decoder that predicts the
tampering mask. The perturbation made by watermark embedding is close to
imperceptible. Considering that there is no off-the-shelf differentiable video
codec simulator, we propose to mimic video compression by ensembling simulation
results of other typical attacks, e.g., JPEG compression and blurring, as an
approximation. Experimental results demonstrate that our method generates
watermarked videos with good imperceptibility and robustly and accurately
locates tampered areas within the attacked version.

### Title: On the Relationship Between Adversarial Robustness and Decision Region in Deep Neural Network
* Paper ID: 2207.03400v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03400v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03400v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-07-07
* Categories: ['cs.LG']
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In general, Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are evaluated by the generalization
performance measured on unseen data excluded from the training phase. Along
with the development of DNNs, the generalization performance converges to the
state-of-the-art and it becomes difficult to evaluate DNNs solely based on this
metric. The robustness against adversarial attack has been used as an
additional metric to evaluate DNNs by measuring their vulnerability. However,
few studies have been performed to analyze the adversarial robustness in terms
of the geometry in DNNs. In this work, we perform an empirical study to analyze
the internal properties of DNNs that affect model robustness under adversarial
attacks. In particular, we propose the novel concept of the Populated Region
Set (PRS), where training samples are populated more frequently, to represent
the internal properties of DNNs in a practical setting. From systematic
experiments with the proposed concept, we provide empirical evidence to
validate that a low PRS ratio has a strong relationship with the adversarial
robustness of DNNs. We also devise PRS regularizer leveraging the
characteristics of PRS to improve the adversarial robustness without
adversarial training.

### Title: Local Inversion of maps: Black box Cryptanalysis
* Paper ID: 2207.03247v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03247v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2207.03247v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-07-07
* Categories: ['cs.CR', '11T30, 11T30', 'F.2.1; E.3; I.1.0; I.1.1']
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper is a short summery of results announced in a previous paper on a
new universal method for Cryptanalysis which uses a Black Box linear algebra
approach to computation of local inversion of nonlinear maps in finite fields.
It is shown that one local inverse $x$ of the map equation $y=F(x)$ can be
computed by using the minimal polynomial of the sequence $y(k)$ defined by
iterates (or recursion) $y(k+1)=F(y(k))$ with $y(0)=y$ when the sequence is
periodic. This is the only solution in the periodic orbit of the map $F$.
Further, when the degree of the minimal polynomial is of polynomial order in
number of bits of the input of $F$ (called low complexity case), the solution
can be computed in polynomial time. The method of computation only uses the
forward computations $F(y)$ for given $y$ which is why this is called a Black
Box approach. Application of this approach is then shown for cryptanalysis of
several maps arising in cryptographic primitives. It is shown how in the low
complexity cases maps defined by block and stream ciphers can be inverted to
find the symmetric key under known plaintext attack. Then it is shown how RSA
map can be inverted to find the plaintext as well as an equivalent private key
to break the RSA algorithm without factoring the modulus. Finally it is shown
that the discrete log computation in finite field and elliptic curves can be
formulated as a local inversion problem and the low complexity cases can be
solved in polynomial time.

