### Title: Adjoint-based phase reduction analysis of incompressible periodic flows
* Paper ID: 2204.13201v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13201v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13201v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We establish the theoretical framework for adjoint-based phase reduction
analysis for incompressible periodic flows. Through this adjoint-based method,
we obtain spatiotemporal phase sensitivity fields through a single pair of
forward and backward direct numerical simulations, as opposed to the
impulse-based method that requires a very large number of simulations.
Phase-based analysis involves perturbation analysis about a periodically
varying base state and hence is tailored for the analysis of periodic flows. We
formulate the phase description of periodic flows with respect to the potential
and vortical perturbations in the flow field. The current phase-reduction
analysis can also be implemented consistently in the immersed boundary
projection method, which facilitates the analysis over arbitrarily-shaped
bodies. We demonstrate the strength of the phase-based analysis for periodic
flows over circular cylinder and symmetric airfoils at high incidence angles.
The critical regions for phase modification in the cylinder flow are
investigated and the locations of flow separation are shown to be the most
sensitive regions. Further, the results reveal the influence of the angle of
attack and airfoil thickness on the phase-sensitivity distribution of flows
over various airfoils. The phase for such flows is defined based on the lift
coefficient, and hence is influenced by the vortical structures responsible for
lift production. The present framework sheds light on the connection between
phase-sensitivity and vortex formation dynamics.

### Title: An Adversarial Attack Analysis on Malicious Advertisement URL Detection Framework
* Paper ID: 2204.13172v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13172v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13172v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Malicious advertisement URLs pose a security risk since they are the source
of cyber-attacks, and the need to address this issue is growing in both
industry and academia. Generally, the attacker delivers an attack vector to the
user by means of an email, an advertisement link or any other means of
communication and directs them to a malicious website to steal sensitive
information and to defraud them. Existing malicious URL detection techniques
are limited and to handle unseen features as well as generalize to test data.
In this study, we extract a novel set of lexical and web-scrapped features and
employ machine learning technique to set up system for fraudulent advertisement
URLs detection. The combination set of six different kinds of features
precisely overcome the obfuscation in fraudulent URL classification. Based on
different statistical properties, we use twelve different formatted datasets
for detection, prediction and classification task. We extend our prediction
analysis for mismatched and unlabelled datasets. For this framework, we analyze
the performance of four machine learning techniques: Random Forest, Gradient
Boost, XGBoost and AdaBoost in the detection part. With our proposed method, we
can achieve a false negative rate as low as 0.0037 while maintaining high
accuracy of 99.63%. Moreover, we devise a novel unsupervised technique for data
clustering using K- Means algorithm for the visual analysis. This paper
analyses the vulnerability of decision tree-based models using the limited
knowledge attack scenario. We considered the exploratory attack and implemented
Zeroth Order Optimization adversarial attack on the detection models.

### Title: SSR-GNNs: Stroke-based Sketch Representation with Graph Neural Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.13153v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13153v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13153v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper follows cognitive studies to investigate a graph representation
for sketches, where the information of strokes, i.e., parts of a sketch, are
encoded on vertices and information of inter-stroke on edges. The resultant
graph representation facilitates the training of a Graph Neural Networks for
classification tasks, and achieves accuracy and robustness comparable to the
state-of-the-art against translation and rotation attacks, as well as stronger
attacks on graph vertices and topologies, i.e., modifications and addition of
strokes, all without resorting to adversarial training. Prior studies on
sketches, e.g., graph transformers, encode control points of stroke on
vertices, which are not invariant to spatial transformations. In contrary, we
encode vertices and edges using pairwise distances among control points to
achieve invariance. Compared with existing generative sketch model for one-shot
classification, our method does not rely on run-time statistical inference.
Lastly, the proposed representation enables generation of novel sketches that
are structurally similar to while separable from the existing dataset.

### Title: Systematic Literature Review: Anti-Phishing Defences and Their Application to Before-the-click Phishing Email Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.13054v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13054v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13054v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Most research into anti-phishing defence assumes that the mal-actor is
attempting to harvest end-users' personally identifiable information or login
credentials and, hence, focuses on detecting phishing websites. The defences
for this type of attack are usually activated after the end-user clicks on a
link, at which point the link is checked. This is known as after-the-click
detection. However, more sophisticated phishing attacks (such as spear-phishing
and whaling) are rarely designed to get the end-user to visit a website.
Instead, they attempt to get the end-user to perform some other action, for
example, transferring money from their bank account to the mal-actors account.
These attacks are rarer, and before-the-click defence has been investigated
less than after-the-click defence. To better integrate and contextualize these
studies in the overall anti-phishing research, this paper presents a systematic
literature review of proposed anti-phishing defences. From a total of 6330
papers, 21 primary studies and 335 secondary studies were identified and
examined. The current research was grouped into six primary categories,
blocklist/allowlist, heuristics, content, visual, artificial
intelligence/machine learning and proactive, with an additional category of
"other" for detection techniques that do not fit into any of the primary
categories. It then discusses the performance and suitability of using these
techniques for detecting phishing emails before the end-user even reads the
email. Finally, it suggests some promising areas for further research.

### Title: Defending Against Person Hiding Adversarial Patch Attack with a Universal White Frame
* Paper ID: 2204.13004v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13004v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13004v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Object detection has attracted great attention in the computer vision area
and has emerged as an indispensable component in many vision systems. In the
era of deep learning, many high-performance object detection networks have been
proposed. Although these detection networks show high performance, they are
vulnerable to adversarial patch attacks. Changing the pixels in a restricted
region can easily fool the detection network in the physical world. In
particular, person-hiding attacks are emerging as a serious problem in many
safety-critical applications such as autonomous driving and surveillance
systems. Although it is necessary to defend against an adversarial patch
attack, very few efforts have been dedicated to defending against person-hiding
attacks. To tackle the problem, in this paper, we propose a novel defense
strategy that mitigates a person-hiding attack by optimizing defense patterns,
while previous methods optimize the model. In the proposed method, a
frame-shaped pattern called a 'universal white frame' (UWF) is optimized and
placed on the outside of the image. To defend against adversarial patch
attacks, UWF should have three properties (i) suppressing the effect of the
adversarial patch, (ii) maintaining its original prediction, and (iii)
applicable regardless of images. To satisfy the aforementioned properties, we
propose a novel pattern optimization algorithm that can defend against the
adversarial patch. Through comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate that the
proposed method effectively defends against the adversarial patch attack.

### Title: Blending Data and Physics Against False Data Injection Attack: An Event-Triggered Moving Target Defence Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.12970v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12970v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12970v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recently, data-driven detectors and physics-based Moving Target Defences
(MTD) have been proposed to detect false data injection (FDI) attacks on power
system state estimation. However, the uncontrollable false positive rate of the
data-driven detector and the extra cost of frequent MTD usage limit their wide
applications. Few works have explored the overlap between these two areas to
collaboratively detect FDI attacks. To fill the gap, this paper proposes
blending data-driven and physics-based approaches to enhance the detection of
FDI attacks. To start, a physics-informed data-driven attack detection and
identification algorithm is proposed. Following this, an MTD protocol is
triggered by a positive signal from the data-driven detector and is formulated
as a bilevel optimisation to robustly guarantee the effectiveness of MTD
against the worst-case attack around the identified attack vector while
maximising the hiddenness of MTD. To guarantee the feasibility and convergence,
the bilevel nonconvex optimisation is separated into two stages, and for each
stage, a semidefinite programming is derived through duality and linear matrix
inequality. The simulation results verify that by blending data and physics, it
can significantly enhance the detection performance while simultaneously
reducing the false positive rate of the data-driven detector and the usage of
MTD.

### Title: Prediction Approach against DDoS Attack based on Machine Learning Multiclassfier
* Paper ID: 2204.12855v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12855v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12855v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: DDoS attacks, also known as distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks,
have emerged as one of the most serious and fastest-growing threats on the
Internet. Denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks are an example of cyber attacks that
target a specific system or network in an attempt to render it inaccessible or
unusable for a period of time. As a result, improving the detection of diverse
types of DDoS cyber threats with better algorithms and higher accuracy while
keeping the computational cost under control has become the most significant
component of detecting DDoS cyber threats. In order to properly defend the
targeted network or system, it is critical to first determine the sort of DDoS
assault that has been launched against it. A number of ensemble classification
techniques are presented in this paper, which combines the performance of
various algorithms. They are then compared to existing Machine Learning
Algorithms in terms of their effectiveness in detecting different types of DDoS
attacks using accuracy, F1 scores, and ROC curves. The results show high
accuracy and good performance.

### Title: Detecting Backdoor Poisoning Attacks on Deep Neural Networks by Heatmap Clustering
* Paper ID: 2204.12848v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12848v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12848v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: [https://github.com/lukasschulth/ma-detection-of-poisoning-attacks](https://github.com/lukasschulth/ma-detection-of-poisoning-attacks)
* Summary: Predicitions made by neural networks can be fraudulently altered by so-called
poisoning attacks. A special case are backdoor poisoning attacks. We study
suitable detection methods and introduce a new method called Heatmap
Clustering. There, we apply a $k$-means clustering algorithm on heatmaps
produced by the state-of-the-art explainable AI method Layer-wise relevance
propagation. The goal is to separate poisoned from un-poisoned data in the
dataset. We compare this method with a similar method, called Activation
Clustering, which also uses $k$-means clustering but applies it on the
activation of certain hidden layers of the neural network as input. We test the
performance of both approaches for standard backdoor poisoning attacks,
label-consistent poisoning attacks and label-consistent poisoning attacks with
reduced amplitude stickers. We show that Heatmap Clustering consistently
performs better than Activation Clustering. However, when considering
label-consistent poisoning attacks, the latter method also yields good
detection performance.

### Title: The MeVer DeepFake Detection Service: Lessons Learnt from Developing and Deploying in the Wild
* Paper ID: 2204.12816v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12816v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12816v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Enabled by recent improvements in generation methodologies, DeepFakes have
become mainstream due to their increasingly better visual quality, the increase
in easy-to-use generation tools and the rapid dissemination through social
media. This fact poses a severe threat to our societies with the potential to
erode social cohesion and influence our democracies. To mitigate the threat,
numerous DeepFake detection schemes have been introduced in the literature but
very few provide a web service that can be used in the wild. In this paper, we
introduce the MeVer DeepFake detection service, a web service detecting deep
learning manipulations in images and video. We present the design and
implementation of the proposed processing pipeline that involves a model
ensemble scheme, and we endow the service with a model card for transparency.
Experimental results show that our service performs robustly on the three
benchmark datasets while being vulnerable to Adversarial Attacks. Finally, we
outline our experience and lessons learned when deploying a research system
into production in the hopes that it will be useful to other academic and
industry teams.

### Title: Quantum Prudent Contracts with Applications to Bitcoin
* Paper ID: 2204.12806v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12806v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12806v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Smart contracts are cryptographic protocols that are enforced without a
judiciary. Smart contracts are used occasionally in Bitcoin and are prevalent
in Ethereum. Public quantum money improves upon cash we use today, yet the
current constructions do not enable smart contracts. In this work, we define
and introduce quantum payment schemes, and show how to implement prudent
contracts -- a non-trivial subset of the functionality that a network such as
Ethereum provides. Examples discussed include: multi-signature wallets in which
funds can be spent by any 2-out-of-3 owners; restricted accounts that can send
funds only to designated destinations; and "colored coins" that can represent
stocks that can be freely traded, and their owner would receive dividends. Our
approach is not as universal as the one used in Ethereum since we do not reach
a consensus regarding the state of a ledger. We call our proposal prudent
contracts to reflect this. The main building block is either quantum tokens for
digital signatures (Ben-David and Sattath QCrypt'17, Coladangelo et al.
Crypto'21), semi-quantum tokens for digital signatures (Shmueli'22) or one-shot
signatures (Amos et al. STOC'20). The solution has all the benefits of public
quantum money: no mining is necessary, and the security model is standard
(e.g., it is not susceptible to 51\% attacks, as in Bitcoin). Our one-shot
signature construction can be used to upgrade the Bitcoin network to a quantum
payment scheme. Notable advantages of this approach are: transactions are
locally verifiable and without latency, the throughput is unbounded, and most
importantly, it would remove the need for Bitcoin mining. Our approach requires
a universal large-scale quantum computer and long-term quantum memory; hence we
do not expect it to be implementable in the next few years.

### Title: Improving the Transferability of Adversarial Examples with Restructure Embedded Patches
* Paper ID: 2204.12680v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12680v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12680v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Vision transformers (ViTs) have demonstrated impressive performance in
various computer vision tasks. However, the adversarial examples generated by
ViTs are challenging to transfer to other networks with different structures.
Recent attack methods do not consider the specificity of ViTs architecture and
self-attention mechanism, which leads to poor transferability of the generated
adversarial samples by ViTs. We attack the unique self-attention mechanism in
ViTs by restructuring the embedded patches of the input. The restructured
embedded patches enable the self-attention mechanism to obtain more diverse
patches connections and help ViTs keep regions of interest on the object.
Therefore, we propose an attack method against the unique self-attention
mechanism in ViTs, called Self-Attention Patches Restructure (SAPR). Our method
is simple to implement yet efficient and applicable to any self-attention based
network and gradient transferability-based attack methods. We evaluate attack
transferability on black-box models with different structures. The result show
that our method generates adversarial examples on white-box ViTs with higher
transferability and higher image quality. Our research advances the development
of black-box transfer attacks on ViTs and demonstrates the feasibility of using
white-box ViTs to attack other black-box models.

