### Title: On the Limitations of Stochastic Pre-processing Defenses
* Paper ID: 2206.09491v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09491v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09491v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Defending against adversarial examples remains an open problem. A common
belief is that randomness at inference increases the cost of finding
adversarial inputs. An example of such a defense is to apply a random
transformation to inputs prior to feeding them to the model. In this paper, we
empirically and theoretically investigate such stochastic pre-processing
defenses and demonstrate that they are flawed. First, we show that most
stochastic defenses are weaker than previously thought; they lack sufficient
randomness to withstand even standard attacks like projected gradient descent.
This casts doubt on a long-held assumption that stochastic defenses invalidate
attacks designed to evade deterministic defenses and force attackers to
integrate the Expectation over Transformation (EOT) concept. Second, we show
that stochastic defenses confront a trade-off between adversarial robustness
and model invariance; they become less effective as the defended model acquires
more invariance to their randomization. Future work will need to decouple these
two effects. Our code is available in the supplementary material.

### Title: Cyber Threats Jurisdiction and Authority
* Paper ID: 2206.09465v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09465v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09465v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cybersecurity threats affect all aspects of society; critical infrastructures
(such as networks, corporate systems, water supply systems, and intelligent
transportation systems) are especially prone to attacks and can have tangible
negative consequences on society. However, these critical cyber systems are
generally governed by multiple jurisdictions, for instance the Metro in the
Washington, D.C. area is managed by the states of Virginia and Maryland, as
well as the District of Columbia (DC) through Washington Metropolitan Area
Transit Authority (WMATA). Additionally, the water treatment infrastructure
managed by DC Water consists of waste water input from Fairfax and Arlington
counties, and the district (i.e. DC). Additionally, cyber attacks usually
launch from unknown sources, through unknown switches and servers, and end up
at the destination without much knowledge on their source or path. Certain
infrastructures are shared amongst multiple countries, another idiosyncrasy
that exacerbates the issue of governance. This law paper however, is not
concerned with the general governance of these infrastructures, rather with the
ambiguity in the relevant laws or doctrines about which authority would prevail
in the context of a cyber threat or a cyber-attack, with a focus on federal vs.
state issues, international law involvement, federal preemption, technical
aspects that could affect lawmaking, and conflicting responsibilities in cases
of cyber crime. A legal analysis of previous cases is presented, as well as an
extended discussion addressing different sides of the argument.

### Title: A Universal Adversarial Policy for Text Classifiers
* Paper ID: 2206.09458v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09458v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09458v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Discovering the existence of universal adversarial perturbations had large
theoretical and practical impacts on the field of adversarial learning. In the
text domain, most universal studies focused on adversarial prefixes which are
added to all texts. However, unlike the vision domain, adding the same
perturbation to different inputs results in noticeably unnatural inputs.
Therefore, we introduce a new universal adversarial setup - a universal
adversarial policy, which has many advantages of other universal attacks but
also results in valid texts - thus making it relevant in practice. We achieve
this by learning a single search policy over a predefined set of semantics
preserving text alterations, on many texts. This formulation is universal in
that the policy is successful in finding adversarial examples on new texts
efficiently. Our approach uses text perturbations which were extensively shown
to produce natural attacks in the non-universal setup (specific synonym
replacements). We suggest a strong baseline approach for this formulation which
uses reinforcement learning. It's ability to generalise (from as few as 500
training texts) shows that universal adversarial patterns exist in the text
domain as well.

### Title: Construction and Optimization of TRNG Based Substitution Boxes for Block Encryption Algorithms
* Paper ID: 2206.09424v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09424v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09424v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Internet of Things is an ecosystem of interconnected devices that are
accessible through the internet. The recent research focuses on adding more
smartness and intelligence to these edge devices. This makes them susceptible
to various kinds of security threats. These edge devices rely on cryptographic
techniques to encrypt the pre-processed data collected from the sensors
deployed in the field. In this regard, block cipher has been one of the most
reliable options through which data security is accomplished. The strength of
block encryption algorithms against different attacks is dependent on its
nonlinear primitive which is called Substitution Boxes. For the design of
S-boxes mainly algebraic and chaos-based techniques are used but researchers
also found various weaknesses in these techniques. On the other side,
literature endorse the true random numbers for information security due to the
reason that, true random numbers are purely non-deterministic. In this paper
firstly a natural dynamical phenomenon is utilized for the generation of true
random numbers based S-boxes. Secondly, a systematic literature review was
conducted to know which metaheuristic optimization technique is highly adopted
in the current decade for the optimization of S-boxes. Based on the outcome of
Systematic Literature Review (SLR), genetic algorithm is chosen for the
optimization of s-boxes. The results of our method validate that the proposed
dynamic S-boxes are effective for the block ciphers. Moreover, our results
showed that the proposed substitution boxes achieve better

### Title: JPEG Compression-Resistant Low-Mid Adversarial Perturbation against Unauthorized Face Recognition System
* Paper ID: 2206.09410v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09410v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09410v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: It has been observed that the unauthorized use of face recognition system
raises privacy problems. Using adversarial perturbations provides one possible
solution to address this issue. A critical issue to exploit adversarial
perturbation against unauthorized face recognition system is that: The images
uploaded to the web need to be processed by JPEG compression, which weakens the
effectiveness of adversarial perturbation. Existing JPEG compression-resistant
methods fails to achieve a balance among compression resistance,
transferability, and attack effectiveness. To this end, we propose a more
natural solution called low frequency adversarial perturbation (LFAP). Instead
of restricting the adversarial perturbations, we turn to regularize the source
model to employing more low-frequency features by adversarial training.
Moreover, to better influence model in different frequency components, we
proposed the refined low-mid frequency adversarial perturbation (LMFAP)
considering the mid frequency components as the productive complement. We
designed a variety of settings in this study to simulate the real-world
application scenario, including cross backbones, supervisory heads, training
datasets and testing datasets. Quantitative and qualitative experimental
results validate the effectivenss of proposed solutions.

### Title: Towards Adversarial Attack on Vision-Language Pre-training Models
* Paper ID: 2206.09391v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09391v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09391v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: While vision-language pre-training model (VLP) has shown revolutionary
improvements on various vision-language (V+L) tasks, the studies regarding its
adversarial robustness remain largely unexplored. This paper studied the
adversarial attack on popular VLP models and V+L tasks. First, we analyzed the
performance of adversarial attacks under different settings. By examining the
influence of different perturbed objects and attack targets, we concluded some
key observations as guidance on both designing strong multimodal adversarial
attack and constructing robust VLP models. Second, we proposed a novel
multimodal attack method on the VLP models called Collaborative Multimodal
Adversarial Attack (Co-Attack), which collectively carries out the attacks on
the image modality and the text modality. Experimental results demonstrated
that the proposed method achieves improved attack performances on different V+L
downstream tasks and VLP models. The analysis observations and novel attack
method hopefully provide new understanding into the adversarial robustness of
VLP models, so as to contribute their safe and reliable deployment in more
real-world scenarios.

### Title: Multi-period Optimal Control for Mobile Agents Considering State Unpredictability
* Paper ID: 2206.09330v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09330v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09330v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The optimal control for mobile agents is an important and challenging
research issue. Recent work shows that using randomized mechanism in agents'
control can make the state unpredictable, and thus ensure the security of
agents. However, the unpredictable design is only considered in single period,
which can lead to intolerable control performance in long time horizon. This
paper aims at the trade-off between the control performance and state
unpredictability of mobile agents in long time horizon. Utilizing random
perturbations consistent with uniform distributions to maximize the attackers'
prediction errors of future states, we formulate the problem as a multi-period
convex stochastic optimization problem and solve it through dynamic
programming. Specifically, we design the optimal control strategy considering
both unconstrained and input constrained systems. The analytical iterative
expressions of the control are further provided. Simulation illustrates that
the algorithm increases the prediction errors under Kalman filter while
achieving the control performance requirements successfully.

