### Title: Federated Learning Enables Big Data for Rare Cancer Boundary Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.10836v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10836v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10836v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: [https://github.com/FETS-AI/Front-End](https://github.com/FETS-AI/Front-End)
* Summary: Although machine learning (ML) has shown promise in numerous domains, there
are concerns about generalizability to out-of-sample data. This is currently
addressed by centrally sharing ample, and importantly diverse, data from
multiple sites. However, such centralization is challenging to scale (or even
not feasible) due to various limitations. Federated ML (FL) provides an
alternative to train accurate and generalizable ML models, by only sharing
numerical model updates. Here we present findings from the largest FL study
to-date, involving data from 71 healthcare institutions across 6 continents, to
generate an automatic tumor boundary detector for the rare disease of
glioblastoma, utilizing the largest dataset of such patients ever used in the
literature (25,256 MRI scans from 6,314 patients). We demonstrate a 33%
improvement over a publicly trained model to delineate the surgically
targetable tumor, and 23% improvement over the tumor's entire extent. We
anticipate our study to: 1) enable more studies in healthcare informed by large
and diverse data, ensuring meaningful results for rare diseases and
underrepresented populations, 2) facilitate further quantitative analyses for
glioblastoma via performance optimization of our consensus model for eventual
public release, and 3) demonstrate the effectiveness of FL at such scale and
task complexity as a paradigm shift for multi-site collaborations, alleviating
the need for data sharing.

### Title: Federated Learning via Inexact ADMM
* Paper ID: 2204.10607v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10607v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10607v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: One of the crucial issues in federated learning is how to develop efficient
optimization algorithms. Most of the current ones require full devices
participation and/or impose strong assumptions for convergence. Different from
the widely-used gradient descent-based algorithms, this paper develops an
inexact alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM), which is both
computation and communication-efficient, capable of combating the stragglers'
effect, and convergent under mild conditions.

### Title: Variational problems for integral invariants of the second fundamental form of a map between pseudo-Riemannian manifolds
* Paper ID: 2204.10538v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10538v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10538v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We study variational problems for integral invariants, which are defined as
integrations of invariant functions of the second fundamental form, of a smooth
map between pseudo-Riemannian manifolds. We derive the first variational
formulae for integral invariants defined from invariant homogeneous polynomials
of degree two. Among these integral invariants, we show that the Euler-Lagrange
equation of the Chern-Federer energy functional is reduced to a second order
PDE. Then we give some examples of Chern-Federer submanifolds in Riemannian
space forms.

### Title: Application of Federated Learning in Building a Robust COVID-19 Chest X-ray Classification Model
* Paper ID: 2204.10505v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10505v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10505v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: While developing artificial intelligence (AI)-based algorithms to solve
problems, the amount of data plays a pivotal role - large amount of data helps
the researchers and engineers to develop robust AI algorithms. In the case of
building AI-based models for problems related to medical imaging, these data
need to be transferred from the medical institutions where they were acquired
to the organizations developing the algorithms. This movement of data involves
time-consuming formalities like complying with HIPAA, GDPR, etc.There is also a
risk of patients' private data getting leaked, compromising their
confidentiality. One solution to these problems is using the Federated Learning
framework.
  Federated Learning (FL) helps AI models to generalize better and create a
robust AI model by using data from different sources having different
distributions and data characteristics without moving all the data to a central
server. In our paper, we apply the FL framework for training a deep learning
model to solve a binary classification problem of predicting the presence or
absence of COVID-19. We took three different sources of data and trained
individual models on each source. Then we trained an FL model on the complete
data and compared all the model performances. We demonstrated that the FL model
performs better than the individual models. Moreover, the FL model performed at
par with the model trained on all the data combined at a central server. Thus
Federated Learning leads to generalized AI models without the cost of data
transfer and regulatory overhead.

