### Title: Two-Hop Age of Information Scheduling for Multi-UAV Assisted Mobile Edge Computing: FRL vs MADDPG
* Paper ID: 2206.09488v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09488v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09488v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we adopt the emerging technology of mobile edge computing (MEC)
in the Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for communication-computing systems, to
optimize the age of information (AoI) in the network. We assume that tasks are
processed jointly on UAVs and BS to enhance edge performance with limited
connectivity and computing. Using UAVs and BS jointly with MEC can reduce AoI
on the network. To maintain the freshness of the tasks, we formulate the AoI
minimization in two-hop communication framework, the first hop at the UAVs and
the second hop at the BS. To approach the challenge, we optimize the problem
using a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) framework, called federated
reinforcement learning (FRL). In our network we have two types of agents with
different states and actions but with the same policy. Our FRL enables us to
handle the two-step AoI minimization and UAV trajectory problems. In addition,
we compare our proposed algorithm, which has a centralized processing unit to
update the weights, with fully decentralized multi-agent deep deterministic
policy gradient (MADDPG), which enhances the agent's performance. As a result,
the suggested algorithm outperforms the MADDPG by about 38\%

### Title: Cyber Threats Jurisdiction and Authority
* Paper ID: 2206.09465v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09465v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09465v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cybersecurity threats affect all aspects of society; critical infrastructures
(such as networks, corporate systems, water supply systems, and intelligent
transportation systems) are especially prone to attacks and can have tangible
negative consequences on society. However, these critical cyber systems are
generally governed by multiple jurisdictions, for instance the Metro in the
Washington, D.C. area is managed by the states of Virginia and Maryland, as
well as the District of Columbia (DC) through Washington Metropolitan Area
Transit Authority (WMATA). Additionally, the water treatment infrastructure
managed by DC Water consists of waste water input from Fairfax and Arlington
counties, and the district (i.e. DC). Additionally, cyber attacks usually
launch from unknown sources, through unknown switches and servers, and end up
at the destination without much knowledge on their source or path. Certain
infrastructures are shared amongst multiple countries, another idiosyncrasy
that exacerbates the issue of governance. This law paper however, is not
concerned with the general governance of these infrastructures, rather with the
ambiguity in the relevant laws or doctrines about which authority would prevail
in the context of a cyber threat or a cyber-attack, with a focus on federal vs.
state issues, international law involvement, federal preemption, technical
aspects that could affect lawmaking, and conflicting responsibilities in cases
of cyber crime. A legal analysis of previous cases is presented, as well as an
extended discussion addressing different sides of the argument.

### Title: Coded Caching via Federated Deep Reinforcement Learning in Fog Radio Access Networks
* Paper ID: 2206.09406v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09406v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09406v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, the placement strategy design of coded caching in fog-radio
access networks (F-RANs) is investigated. By considering time-variant content
popularity, federated deep reinforcement learning is exploited to learn the
placement strategy for our coded caching scheme. Initially, the placement
problem is modeled as a Markov decision process (MDP) to capture the popularity
variations and minimize the long-term content access delay. The reformulated
sequential decision problem is solved by dueling double deep Q-learning
(dueling DDQL). Then, federated learning is applied to learn the relatively
low-dimensional local decision models and aggregate the global decision model,
which alleviates over-consumption of bandwidth resources and avoids direct
learning of a complex coded caching decision model with high-dimensional state
space. Simulation results show that our proposed scheme outperforms the
benchmarks in reducing the content access delay, keeping the performance
stable, and trading off between the local caching gain and the global
multicasting gain.

