### Title: A Re-analysis of Repeatability and Reproducibility in the Ames-USDOE-FBI Study
* Paper ID: 2204.08889v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08889v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08889v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Forensic firearms identification, the determination by a trained firearms
examiner as to whether or not bullets or cartridges came from a common weapon,
has long been a mainstay in the criminal courts. Reliability of forensic
firearms identification has been challenged in the general scientific
community, and, in response, several studies have been carried out aimed at
showing that firearms examination is accurate, that is, has low error rates.
Less studied has been the question of consistency, of. whether two examinations
of the same bullets or cartridge cases come to the same conclusion, carried out
by an examiner on separate occasions -- intrarater reliability or repeatability
-- or by two examiners -- interrater reliability or reproducibility. One
important study, described in a 2020 Report by the Ames Laboratory-USDOE to the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, went beyond considerations of accuracy to
investigate firearms examination repeatability and reproducibility. The
Report's conclusions were paradoxical. The observed agreement of examiners with
themselves or with other examiners appears mediocre. However, the study
concluded repeatability and reproducibility are satisfactory, on grounds that
the observed agreement exceeds a quantity called the expected agreement. We
find that appropriately employing expected agreement as it was intended does
not suggest satisfactory repeatability and reproducibility, but the opposite.

