### Title: Federated Geometric Monte Carlo Clustering to Counter Non-IID Datasets
* Paper ID: 2204.11017v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11017v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11017v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning allows clients to collaboratively train models on datasets
that are acquired in different locations and that cannot be exchanged because
of their size or regulations. Such collected data is increasingly
non-independent and non-identically distributed (non-IID), negatively affecting
training accuracy. Previous works tried to mitigate the effects of non-IID
datasets on training accuracy, focusing mainly on non-IID labels, however
practical datasets often also contain non-IID features. To address both non-IID
labels and features, we propose FedGMCC, a novel framework where a central
server aggregates client models that it can cluster together. FedGMCC
clustering relies on a Monte Carlo procedure that samples the output space of
client models, infers their position in the weight space on a loss manifold and
computes their geometric connection via an affine curve parametrization.
FedGMCC aggregates connected models along their path connectivity to produce a
richer global model, incorporating knowledge of all connected client models.
FedGMCC outperforms FedAvg and FedProx in terms of convergence rates on the
EMNIST62 and a genomic sequence classification datasets (by up to +63%).
FedGMCC yields an improved accuracy (+4%) on the genomic dataset with respect
to CFL, in high non-IID feature space settings and label incongruency.

### Title: GFCL: A GRU-based Federated Continual Learning Framework against Adversarial Attacks in IoV
* Paper ID: 2204.11010v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11010v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11010v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The integration of ML in 5G-based Internet of Vehicles (IoV) networks has
enabled intelligent transportation and smart traffic management. Nonetheless,
the security against adversarial attacks is also increasingly becoming a
challenging task. Specifically, Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) is one of the
widely used ML designs in IoV applications. The standard ML security techniques
are not effective in DRL where the algorithm learns to solve sequential
decision-making through continuous interaction with the environment, and the
environment is time-varying, dynamic, and mobile. In this paper, we propose a
Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU)-based federated continual learning (GFCL) anomaly
detection framework against adversarial attacks in IoV. The objective is to
present a lightweight and scalable framework that learns and detects the
illegitimate behavior without having a-priori training dataset consisting of
attack samples. We use GRU to predict a future data sequence to analyze and
detect illegitimate behavior from vehicles in a federated learning-based
distributed manner. We investigate the performance of our framework using
real-world vehicle mobility traces. The results demonstrate the effectiveness
of our proposed solution for different performance metrics.

### Title: Federated Learning with Lossy Distributed Source Coding: Analysis and Optimization
* Paper ID: 2204.10985v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10985v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10985v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recently, federated learning (FL), which replaces data sharing with model
sharing, has emerged as an efficient and privacy-friendly paradigm for machine
learning (ML). A main challenge of FL is its huge uplink communication cost. In
this paper, we tackle this challenge from an information-theoretic perspective.
Specifically, we put forth a distributed source coding (DSC) framework for FL
uplink, which unifies the encoding, transmission, and aggregation of the local
updates as a lossy DSC problem, thus providing a systematic way to exploit the
correlation between local updates to improve the uplink efficiency. Under this
DSC-FL framework, we propose an FL uplink scheme based on the modified
Berger-Tung coding (MBTC), which supports separate encoding and joint decoding
by modifying the achievability scheme of the Berger-Tung inner bound. The
achievable region of the MBTC-based uplink scheme is also derived. To unleash
the potential of the MBTC-based FL scheme, we carry out a convergence analysis
and then formulate a convergence rate maximization problem to optimize the
parameters of MBTC. To solve this problem, we develop two algorithms,
respectively for small- and large-scale FL systems, based on the
majorization-minimization (MM) technique. Numerical results demonstrate the
superiority of the MBTC-based FL scheme in terms of aggregation distortion,
convergence performance, and communication cost, revealing the great potential
of the DSC-FL framework.

### Title: Federated Contrastive Learning for Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.10983v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10983v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10983v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Supervised deep learning needs a large amount of labeled data to achieve high
performance. However, in medical imaging analysis, each site may only have a
limited amount of data and labels, which makes learning ineffective. Federated
learning (FL) can help in this regard by learning a shared model while keeping
training data local for privacy. Traditional FL requires fully-labeled data for
training, which is inconvenient or sometimes infeasible to obtain due to high
labeling cost and the requirement of expertise. Contrastive learning (CL), as a
self-supervised learning approach, can effectively learn from unlabeled data to
pre-train a neural network encoder, followed by fine-tuning for downstream
tasks with limited annotations. However, when adopting CL in FL, the limited
data diversity on each client makes federated contrastive learning (FCL)
ineffective. In this work, we propose an FCL framework for volumetric medical
image segmentation with limited annotations. More specifically, we exchange the
features in the FCL pre-training process such that diverse contrastive data are
provided to each site for effective local CL while keeping raw data private.
Based on the exchanged features, global structural matching further leverages
the structural similarity to align local features to the remote ones such that
a unified feature space can be learned among different sites. Experiments on a
cardiac MRI dataset show the proposed framework substantially improves the
segmentation performance compared with state-of-the-art techniques.

