### Title: Go Wide or Go Deep: Levering Watermarking Performance with Computational Cost for Specific Images
* Paper ID: 2204.11513v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Digital watermarking has been widely studied for the protection of
intellectual property. Traditional watermarking schemes often design in a
"wider" rule, which applies one general embedding mechanism to all images. But
this will limit the scheme into a robustness-invisibility trade-off, where the
improvements of robustness can only be achieved by the increase of embedding
intensity thus causing the visual quality decay. However, a new scenario comes
out at this stage that many businesses wish to give high level protection to
specific valuable images, which requires high robustness and high visual
quality at the same time. Such scenario makes the watermarking schemes should
be designed in a "deeper" way which makes the embedding mechanism customized to
specific images. To achieve so, we break the robustness-invisibility trade-off
by introducing computation cost in, and propose a novel auto-decoder-like
image-specified watermarking framework (ISMark). Based on ISMark, the strong
robustness and high visual quality for specific images can be both achieved. In
detail, we apply an optimization procedure (OPT) to replace the traditional
embedding mechanism. Unlike existing schemes that embed watermarks using a
learned encoder, OPT regards the cover image as the optimizable parameters to
minimize the extraction error of the decoder, thus the features of each
specified image can be effectively exploited to achieve superior performance.
Extensive experiments indicate that ISMark outperforms the state-of-the-art
methods by a large margin, which improves the average bit error rate by 4.64%
(from 4.86% to 0.22%) and PSNR by 2.20dB (from 32.50dB to 34.70dB).

