# security

## 04-20

### Title: STPA-driven Multilevel Runtime Monitoring for In-time Hazard Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.08999v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08999v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08999v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Runtime verification or runtime monitoring equips safety-critical
cyber-physical systems to augment design assurance measures and ensure
operational safety and security. Cyber-physical systems have interaction
failures, attack surfaces, and attack vectors resulting in unanticipated
hazards and loss scenarios. These interaction failures pose challenges to
runtime verification regarding monitoring specifications and monitoring
placements for in-time detection of hazards. We develop a well-formed workflow
model that connects system theoretic process analysis, commonly referred to as
STPA, hazard causation information to lower-level runtime monitoring to detect
hazards at the operational phase. Specifically, our model follows the DepDevOps
paradigm to provide evidence and insights to runtime monitoring on what to
monitor, where to monitor, and the monitoring context. We demonstrate and
evaluate the value of multilevel monitors by injecting hazards on an autonomous
emergency braking system model.

### Title: The 2020 Census Disclosure Avoidance System TopDown Algorithm
* Paper ID: 2204.08986v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08986v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08986v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The Census TopDown Algorithm (TDA) is a disclosure avoidance system using
differential privacy for privacy-loss accounting. The algorithm ingests the
final, edited version of the 2020 Census data and the final tabulation
geographic definitions. The algorithm then creates noisy versions of key
queries on the data, referred to as measurements, using zero-Concentrated
Differential Privacy. Another key aspect of the TDA are invariants, statistics
that the Census Bureau has determined, as matter of policy, to exclude from the
privacy-loss accounting. The TDA post-processes the measurements together with
the invariants to produce a Microdata Detail File (MDF) that contains one
record for each person and one record for each housing unit enumerated in the
2020 Census. The MDF is passed to the 2020 Census tabulation system to produce
the 2020 Census Redistricting Data (P.L. 94-171) Summary File. This paper
describes the mathematics and testing of the TDA for this purpose.

### Title: HMT: A Hardware-Centric Hybrid Bonsai Merkle Tree Algorithm for High-Performance Authentication
* Paper ID: 2204.08976v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08976v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08976v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Bonsai Merkle tree (BMT) is a widely used data structure for authenticating
data/metadata in a secure computing system. However, the predominantly
recursive andsequential nature of traditional BMT algorithms make them
challenging to implement with Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) in modern
heterogeneous computing platforms. In this work, we introduce HMT, a
hardware-friendly implementation methodology for BMT that enables the
verification and update processes to function independently, as well as saves
additional write-backs by making the update conditions more flexible compared
to previous algorithms. The methodology of HMT contributes both novel algorithm
revisions and innovative hardware techniques to implementing BMT. Our empirical
performance measurements have demonstrated that HMT can achieve up to 7x
improvement in bandwidth and 4.5x reduction in latency over the baseline.

### Title: Seculator: A Fast and Secure Neural Processing Unit
* Paper ID: 2204.08951v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08951v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08951v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Securing deep neural networks (DNNs) is a problem of significant interest
since an ML model incorporates high-quality intellectual property, features of
data sets painstakingly collated by mechanical turks, and novel methods of
training on large cluster computers. Sadly, attacks to extract model parameters
are on the rise, and thus designers are being forced to create architectures
for securing such models. State-of-the-art proposals in this field take the
deterministic memory access patterns of such networks into cognizance (albeit
partially), group a set of memory blocks into a tile, and maintain state at the
level of tiles (to reduce storage space). For providing integrity guarantees
(tamper avoidance), they don't propose any significant optimizations, and still
maintain block-level state.
  We observe that it is possible to exploit the deterministic memory access
patterns of DNNs even further, and maintain state information for only the
current tile and current layer, which may comprise a large number of tiles.
This reduces the storage space, reduces the number of memory accesses,
increases performance, and simplifies the design without sacrificing any
security guarantees. The key techniques in our proposed accelerator
architecture, Seculator, are to encode memory access patterns to create a small
HW-based tile version number generator for a given layer, and to store
layer-level MACs. We completely eliminate the need for having a MAC cache and a
tile version number store (as used in related work). We show that using
intelligently-designed mathematical operations, these structures are not
required. By reducing such overheads, we show a speedup of 16% over the closest
competing work.

### Title: Heterogeneous Feature Augmentation for Ponzi Detection in Ethereum
* Paper ID: 2204.08916v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08916v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08916v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: While blockchain technology triggers new industrial and technological
revolutions, it also brings new challenges. Recently, a large number of new
scams with a "blockchain" sock-puppet continue to emerge, such as Ponzi
schemes, money laundering, etc., seriously threatening financial security.
Existing fraud detection methods in blockchain mainly concentrate on manual
feature and graph analytics, which first construct a homogeneous transaction
graph using partial blockchain data and then use graph analytics to detect
anomaly, resulting in a loss of pattern information. In this paper, we mainly
focus on Ponzi scheme detection and propose HFAug, a generic Heterogeneous
Feature Augmentation module that can capture the heterogeneous information
associated with account behavior patterns and can be combined with existing
Ponzi detection methods. HFAug learns the metapath-based behavior
characteristics in an auxiliary heterogeneous interaction graph, and aggregates
the heterogeneous features to corresponding account nodes in the homogeneous
one where the Ponzi detection methods are performed. Comprehensive experimental
results demonstrate that our HFAug can help existing Ponzi detection methods
achieve significant performance improvement on Ethereum datasets, suggesting
the effectiveness of heterogeneous information on detecting Ponzi schemes.

### Title: Model Checking Strategic Abilities in Information-sharing Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.08896v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08896v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08896v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We introduce a subclass of concurrent game structures (CGS) with imperfect
information in which agents are endowed with private data-sharing capabilities.
Importantly, our CGSs are such that it is still decidable to model-check these
CGSs against a relevant fragment of ATL. These systems can be thought as a
generalisation of architectures allowing information forks, in the sense that,
in the initial states of the system, we allow information forks from agents
outside a given set A to agents inside this A. For this reason, together with
the fact that the communication in our models underpins a specialised form of
broadcast, we call our formalism A-cast systems. To underline, the fragment of
ATL for which we show the model-checking problem to be decidable over A-cast is
a large and significant one; it expresses coalitions over agents in any subset
of the set A. Indeed, as we show, our systems and this ATL fragments can encode
security problems that are notoriously hard to express faithfully:
terrorist-fraud attacks in identity schemes.

### Title: Using a Semantic Knowledge Base to Improve the Management of Security Reports in Industrial DevOps Projects
* Paper ID: 2204.08888v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08888v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08888v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Integrating security activities into the software development lifecycle to
detect security flaws is essential for any project. These activities produce
reports that must be managed and looped back to project stakeholders like
developers to enable security improvements. This so-called Feedback Loop is a
crucial part of any project and is required by various industrial security
standards and models. However, the operation of this loop presents a variety of
challenges. These challenges range from ensuring that feedback data is of
sufficient quality over providing different stakeholders with the information
they need to the enormous effort to manage the reports. In this paper, we
propose a novel approach for treating findings from security activity reports
as belief in a Knowledge Base (KB). By utilizing continuous logical inferences,
we derive information necessary for practitioners and address existing
challenges in the industry. This approach is currently evaluated in industrial
DevOps projects, using data from continuous security testing.

### Title: Bodyless Block Propagation: TPS Fully Scalable Blockchain with Pre-Validation
* Paper ID: 2204.08769v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08769v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08769v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The fundamental tradeoff between transaction per second (TPS) and security in
blockchain systems persists despite numerous prior attempts to boost TPS. To
increase TPS without compromising security, we propose a bodyless block
propagation (BBP) scheme for which the block body is not validated and
transmitted during the block propagation process. Rather, the nodes in the
blockchain network anticipate the transactions and their ordering in the next
upcoming block so that these transactions can be pre-executed and pre-validated
before the birth of the block. It is critical, however, all nodes have a
consensus on the transaction content of the next block.
  This paper puts forth a transaction selection, ordering, and synchronization
algorithm to drive the nodes to reach such a consensus. Yet, the coinbase
address of the miner of the next block cannot be anticipated, and therefore
transactions that depend on the coinbase address cannot be pre-executed and
pre-validated. This paper further puts forth an algorithm to deal with such
unresolvable transactions for an overall consistent and TPS-efficient scheme.
With our scheme, most transactions do not need to be validated and transmitted
during block propagation, ridding the dependence of propagation time on the
number of transactions in the block, and making the system fully TPS scalable.
Experimental results show that our protocol can reduce propagation time by 4x
with respect to the current Ethereum blockchain, and its TPS performance is
limited by the node hardware performance rather than block propagation.

### Title: CoFHEE: A Co-processor for Fully Homomorphic Encryption Execution
* Paper ID: 2204.08742v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08742v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08742v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The migration of computation to the cloud has raised privacy concerns as
sensitive data becomes vulnerable to attacks since they need to be decrypted
for processing. Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) mitigates this issue as it
enables meaningful computations to be performed directly on encrypted data.
Nevertheless, FHE is orders of magnitude slower than unencrypted computation,
which hinders its practicality and adoption. Therefore, improving FHE
performance is essential for its real world deployment. In this paper, we
present a year-long effort to design, implement, fabricate, and post-silicon
validate a hardware accelerator for Fully Homomorphic Encryption dubbed CoFHEE.
With a design area of $12mm^2$, CoFHEE aims to improve performance of
ciphertext multiplications, the most demanding arithmetic FHE operation, by
accelerating several primitive operations on polynomials, such as polynomial
additions and subtractions, Hadamard product, and Number Theoretic Transform.
CoFHEE supports polynomial degrees of up to $n = 2^{14}$ with a maximum
coefficient sizes of 128 bits, while it is capable of performing ciphertext
multiplications entirely on chip for $n \leq 2^{13}$. CoFHEE is fabricated in
55nm CMOS technology and achieves 250 MHz with our custom-built low-power
digital PLL design. In addition, our chip includes two communication interfaces
to the host machine: UART and SPI. This manuscript presents all steps and
design techniques in the ASIC development process, ranging from RTL design to
fabrication and validation. We evaluate our chip with performance and power
experiments and compare it against state-of-the-art software implementations
and other ASIC designs. Developed RTL files are available in an open-source
repository.

### Title: Jacobian Ensembles Improve Robustness Trade-offs to Adversarial Attacks
* Paper ID: 2204.08726v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08726v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08726v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deep neural networks have become an integral part of our software
infrastructure and are being deployed in many widely-used and safety-critical
applications. However, their integration into many systems also brings with it
the vulnerability to test time attacks in the form of Universal Adversarial
Perturbations (UAPs). UAPs are a class of perturbations that when applied to
any input causes model misclassification. Although there is an ongoing effort
to defend models against these adversarial attacks, it is often difficult to
reconcile the trade-offs in model accuracy and robustness to adversarial
attacks. Jacobian regularization has been shown to improve the robustness of
models against UAPs, whilst model ensembles have been widely adopted to improve
both predictive performance and model robustness. In this work, we propose a
novel approach, Jacobian Ensembles-a combination of Jacobian regularization and
model ensembles to significantly increase the robustness against UAPs whilst
maintaining or improving model accuracy. Our results show that Jacobian
Ensembles achieves previously unseen levels of accuracy and robustness, greatly
improving over previous methods that tend to skew towards only either accuracy
or robustness.

### Title: Audio Deep Fake Detection System with Neural Stitching for ADD 2022
* Paper ID: 2204.08720v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08720v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08720v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper describes our best system and methodology for ADD 2022: The First
Audio Deep Synthesis Detection Challenge\cite{Yi2022ADD}. The very same system
was used for both two rounds of evaluation in Track 3.2 with a similar training
methodology. The first round of Track 3.2 data is generated from
Text-to-Speech(TTS) or voice conversion (VC) algorithms, while the second round
of data consists of generated fake audio from other participants in Track 3.1,
aiming to spoof our systems. Our systems use a standard 34-layer ResNet, with
multi-head attention pooling \cite{india2019self} to learn the discriminative
embedding for fake audio and spoof detection. We further utilize neural
stitching to boost the model's generalization capability in order to perform
equally well in different tasks, and more details will be explained in the
following sessions. The experiments show that our proposed method outperforms
all other systems with a 10.1% equal error rate(EER) in Track 3.2.

### Title: Time Domain Adversarial Voice Conversion for ADD 2022
* Paper ID: 2204.08692v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08692v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08692v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we describe our speech generation system for the first Audio
Deep Synthesis Detection Challenge (ADD 2022). Firstly, we build an any-to-many
voice conversion (VC) system to convert source speech with arbitrary language
content into the target speaker%u2019s fake speech. Then the converted speech
generated from VC is post-processed in the time domain to improve the deception
ability. The experimental results show that our system has adversarial ability
against anti-spoofing detectors with a little compromise in audio quality and
speaker similarity. This system ranks top in Track 3.1 in the ADD 2022, showing
that our method could also gain good generalization ability against different
detectors.

### Title: Quantum-Secured Space-Air-Ground Integrated Networks: Concept, Framework, and Case Study
* Paper ID: 2204.08673v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08673v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08673v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In the upcoming 6G era, existing terrestrial networks have evolved toward
space-air-ground integrated networks (SAGIN), providing ultra-high data rates,
seamless network coverage, and ubiquitous intelligence for communications of
applications and services. However, conventional communications in SAGIN still
face data confidentiality issues. Fortunately, the concept of Quantum Key
Distribution (QKD) over SAGIN is able to provide information-theoretic security
for secure communications in SAGIN with quantum cryptography. Therefore, in
this paper, we propose the quantum-secured SAGIN which is feasible to achieve
proven secure communications using quantum mechanics to protect data channels
between space, air, and ground nodes. Moreover, we propose a universal QKD
service provisioning framework to minimize the cost of QKD services under the
uncertainty and dynamics of communications in quantum-secured SAGIN. In this
framework, fiber-based QKD services are deployed in passive optical networks
with the advantages of low loss and high stability. Moreover, the widely
covered and flexible satellite- and UAV-based QKD services are provisioned as a
supplement during the real-time data transmission phase. Finally, to examine
the effectiveness of the proposed concept and framework, a case study of
quantum-secured SAGIN in the Metaverse is conducted where uncertain and dynamic
factors of the secure communications in Metaverse applications are effectively
resolved in the proposed framework.

### Title: Basilic: Resilient Optimal Consensus Protocols With Benign and Deceitful Faults
* Paper ID: 2204.08670v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08670v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08670v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The problem of Byzantine consensus has been key to designing secure
distributed systems. However, it is particularly difficult, mainly due to the
presence of Byzantine processes that act arbitrarily and the unknown message
delays in general networks.
  Although it is well known that both safety and liveness are at risk as soon
as $n/3$ Byzantine processes fail, very few works attempted to characterize
precisely the faults that produce safety violations from the faults that
produce termination violations.
  In this paper, we present a new lower bound on the solvability of the
consensus problem by distinguishing deceitful faults violating safety and
benign faults violating termination from the more general Byzantine faults, in
what we call the Byzantine-deceitful-benign fault model. We show that one
cannot solve consensus if $n\leq 3t+d+2q$ with $t$ Byzantine processes, $d$
deceitful processes, and $q$ benign processes.
  In addition, we show that this bound is tight by presenting the Basilic class
of consensus protocols that solve consensus when $n > 3t+d+2q$. These protocols
differ in the number of processes from which they wait to receive messages
before progressing. Each of these protocols is thus better suited for some
applications depending on the predominance of benign or deceitful faults.
  Finally, we study the fault tolerance of the Basilic class of consensus
protocols in the context of blockchains that need to solve the weaker problem
of eventual consensus. We demonstrate that Basilic solves this problem with
only $n > 2t+d+q$, hence demonstrating how it can strengthen blockchain
security.

### Title: Toward Understanding the Use of Centralized Exchanges for Decentralized Cryptocurrency
* Paper ID: 2204.08664v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08664v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08664v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cryptocurrency has been extensively studied as a decentralized financial
technology built on blockchain. However, there is a lack of understanding of
user experience with cryptocurrency exchanges, the main means for novice users
to interact with cryptocurrency. We conduct a qualitative study to provide a
panoramic view of user experience and security perception of exchanges. All 15
Chinese participants mainly use centralized exchanges (CEX) instead of
decentralized exchanges (DEX) to trade decentralized cryptocurrency, which is
paradoxical. A closer examination reveals that CEXes provide better usability
and charge lower transaction fee than DEXes. Country-specific security
perceptions are observed. Though DEXes provide better anonymity and privacy
protection, and are free of governmental regulation, these are not necessary
features for many participants. Based on the findings, we propose design
implications to make cryptocurrency trading more decentralized.

### Title: Poisons that are learned faster are more effective
* Paper ID: 2204.08615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Imperceptible poisoning attacks on entire datasets have recently been touted
as methods for protecting data privacy. However, among a number of defenses
preventing the practical use of these techniques, early-stopping stands out as
a simple, yet effective defense. To gauge poisons' vulnerability to
early-stopping, we benchmark error-minimizing, error-maximizing, and synthetic
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy over 100 epochs and make a number of
surprising observations. First, we find that poisons that reach a low training
loss faster have lower peak test accuracy. Second, we find that a current
state-of-the-art error-maximizing poison is 7 times less effective when poison
training is stopped at epoch 8. Third, we find that stronger, more transferable
adversarial attacks do not make stronger poisons. We advocate for evaluating
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy.

### Title: Context-Auditor: Context-sensitive Content Injection Mitigation
* Paper ID: 2204.08592v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cross-site scripting (XSS) is the most common vulnerability class in web
applications over the last decade. Much research attention has focused on
building exploit mitigation defenses for this problem, but no technique
provides adequate protection in the face of advanced attacks. One technique
that bypasses XSS mitigations is the scriptless attack: a content injection
technique that uses (among other options) CSS and HTML injection to infiltrate
data. In studying this technique and others, we realized that the common
property among the exploitation of all content injection vulnerabilities,
including not just XSS and scriptless attacks, but also command injections and
several others, is an unintended context switch in the victim program's parsing
engine that is caused by untrusted user input.
  In this paper, we propose Context-Auditor, a novel technique that leverages
this insight to identify content injection vulnerabilities ranging from XSS to
scriptless attacks and command injections. We implemented Context-Auditor as a
general solution to content injection exploit detection problem in the form of
a flexible, stand-alone detection module. We deployed instances of
Context-Auditor as (1) a browser plugin, (2) a web proxy (3) a web server
plugin, and (4) as a wrapper around potentially-injectable system endpoints.
Because Context-Auditor targets the root cause of content injection
exploitation (and, more specifically for the purpose of our prototype, XSS
exploitation, scriptless exploitation, and command injection), our evaluation
results demonstrate that Context-Auditor can identify and block content
injection exploits that modern defenses cannot while maintaining low throughput
overhead and avoiding false positives.

### Title: Automatic Hardware Trojan Insertion using Machine Learning
* Paper ID: 2204.08580v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08580v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08580v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Due to the current horizontal business model that promotes increasing
reliance on untrusted third-party Intellectual Properties (IPs), CAD tools, and
design facilities, hardware Trojan attacks have become a serious threat to the
semiconductor industry. Development of effective countermeasures against
hardware Trojan attacks requires: (1) fast and reliable exploration of the
viable Trojan attack space for a given design and (2) a suite of high-quality
Trojan-inserted benchmarks that meet specific standards. The latter has become
essential for the development and evaluation of design/verification solutions
to achieve quantifiable assurance against Trojan attacks. While existing static
benchmarks provide a baseline for comparing different countermeasures, they
only enumerate a limited number of handcrafted Trojans from the complete Trojan
design space. To accomplish these dual objectives, in this paper, we present
MIMIC, a novel AI-guided framework for automatic Trojan insertion, which can
create a large population of valid Trojans for a given design by mimicking the
properties of a small set of known Trojans. While there exist tools to
automatically insert Trojan instances using fixed Trojan templates, they cannot
analyze known Trojan attacks for creating new instances that accurately capture
the threat model. MIMIC works in two major steps: (1) it analyzes structural
and functional features of existing Trojan populations in a multi-dimensional
space to train machine learning models and generate a large number of "virtual
Trojans" of the given design, (2) next, it binds them into the design by
matching their functional/structural properties with suitable nets of the
internal logic structure. We have developed a complete tool flow for MIMIC,
extensively evaluated the framework by exploring several use-cases, and
quantified its effectiveness to demonstrate highly promising results.

### Title: Collusion-resistant fingerprinting of parallel content channels
* Paper ID: 2204.08575v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08575v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08575v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The fingerprinting game is analysed when the coalition size $k$ is known to
the tracer, but the colluders can distribute themselves across $L$ TV channels.
The collusion channel is introduced and the extra degrees of freedom for the
coalition are made manifest in our formulation. We introduce a payoff
functional that is analogous to the single TV channel case, and is conjectured
to be closely related to the fingerprinting capacity. For the binary alphabet
case under the marking assumption, and the restriction of access to one TV
channel per person per segment, we derive the asymptotic behavior of the payoff
functional. We find that the value of the maximin game for our payoff is
asymptotically equal to $L^2/k^2 2 \ln 2$, with optimal strategy for the tracer
being the arcsine distribution, and for the coalition being the interleaving
attack across all TV channels, as well as assigning an equal number of
colluders across the $L$ TV channels.

### Title: A Comprehensive Survey on Trustworthy Graph Neural Networks: Privacy, Robustness, Fairness, and Explainability
* Paper ID: 2204.08570v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08570v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08570v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have made rapid developments in the recent
years. Due to their great ability in modeling graph-structured data, GNNs are
vastly used in various applications, including high-stakes scenarios such as
financial analysis, traffic predictions, and drug discovery. Despite their
great potential in benefiting humans in the real world, recent study shows that
GNNs can leak private information, are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, can
inherit and magnify societal bias from training data and lack interpretability,
which have risk of causing unintentional harm to the users and society. For
example, existing works demonstrate that attackers can fool the GNNs to give
the outcome they desire with unnoticeable perturbation on training graph. GNNs
trained on social networks may embed the discrimination in their decision
process, strengthening the undesirable societal bias. Consequently, trustworthy
GNNs in various aspects are emerging to prevent the harm from GNN models and
increase the users' trust in GNNs. In this paper, we give a comprehensive
survey of GNNs in the computational aspects of privacy, robustness, fairness,
and explainability. For each aspect, we give the taxonomy of the related
methods and formulate the general frameworks for the multiple categories of
trustworthy GNNs. We also discuss the future research directions of each aspect
and connections between these aspects to help achieve trustworthiness.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Extracting Targeted Training Data from ASR Models, and How to Mitigate It
* Paper ID: 2204.08345v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08345v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08345v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recent work has designed methods to demonstrate that model updates in ASR
training can leak potentially sensitive attributes of the utterances used in
computing the updates. In this work, we design the first method to demonstrate
information leakage about training data from trained ASR models. We design
Noise Masking, a fill-in-the-blank style method for extracting targeted parts
of training data from trained ASR models. We demonstrate the success of Noise
Masking by using it in four settings for extracting names from the LibriSpeech
dataset used for training a SOTA Conformer model. In particular, we show that
we are able to extract the correct names from masked training utterances with
11.8% accuracy, while the model outputs some name from the train set 55.2% of
the time. Further, we show that even in a setting that uses synthetic audio and
partial transcripts from the test set, our method achieves 2.5% correct name
accuracy (47.7% any name success rate). Lastly, we design Word Dropout, a data
augmentation method that we show when used in training along with MTR, provides
comparable utility as the baseline, along with significantly mitigating
extraction via Noise Masking across the four evaluated settings.

### Title: AB/BA analysis: A framework for estimating keyword spotting recall improvement while maintaining audio privacy
* Paper ID: 2204.08474v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08474v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08474v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Evaluation of keyword spotting (KWS) systems that detect keywords in speech
is a challenging task under realistic privacy constraints. The KWS is designed
to only collect data when the keyword is present, limiting the availability of
hard samples that may contain false negatives, and preventing direct estimation
of model recall from production data. Alternatively, complementary data
collected from other sources may not be fully representative of the real
application. In this work, we propose an evaluation technique which we call
AB/BA analysis. Our framework evaluates a candidate KWS model B against a
baseline model A, using cross-dataset offline decoding for relative recall
estimation, without requiring negative examples. Moreover, we propose a
formulation with assumptions that allow estimation of relative false positive
rate between models with low variance even when the number of false positives
is small. Finally, we propose to leverage machine-generated soft labels, in a
technique we call Semi-Supervised AB/BA analysis, that improves the analysis
time, privacy, and cost. Experiments with both simulation and real data show
that AB/BA analysis is successful at measuring recall improvement in
conjunction with the trade-off in relative false positive rate.

### Title: Experimental twin-field quantum key distribution with flawed and correlated sources
* Paper ID: 2204.08323v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08323v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08323v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The security of quantum key distribution (QKD) is severely threatened by
discrepancies between realistic devices and theoretical assumptions. Recently,
a significant framework called the reference technique was proposed to provide
security against arbitrary source flaws, including pulse correlations. Here, we
propose an efficient four-phase twin-field QKD using laser pulses adopting the
reference technique for security against all possible source imperfections. We
present a characterization of source flaws and connect them to experimental
data, together with a finite-key analysis. In addition, we demonstrate the
feasibility of our protocol through a proof-of-principle experimental
implementation and demonstrate a secure key rate of 1.63 kbps with a 20 dB
channel loss. Compared with previous QKD protocols with imperfect devices, our
work considerably improves both the secure key rate and the transmission
distance, and shows application potential in the practical deployment of secure
QKD with device imperfections.

### Title: Optimal Coding Theorems in Time-Bounded Kolmogorov Complexity
* Paper ID: 2204.08312v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08312v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08312v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The classical coding theorem in Kolmogorov complexity states that if an
$n$-bit string $x$ is sampled with probability $\delta$ by an algorithm with
prefix-free domain then K$(x) \leq \log(1/\delta) + O(1)$. In a recent work, Lu
and Oliveira [LO21] established an unconditional time-bounded version of this
result, by showing that if $x$ can be efficiently sampled with probability
$\delta$ then rKt$(x) = O(\log(1/\delta)) + O(\log n)$, where rKt denotes the
randomized analogue of Levin's Kt complexity. Unfortunately, this result is
often insufficient when transferring applications of the classical coding
theorem to the time-bounded setting, as it achieves a $O(\log(1/\delta))$ bound
instead of the information-theoretic optimal $\log(1/\delta)$.
  We show a coding theorem for rKt with a factor of $2$. As in previous work,
our coding theorem is efficient in the sense that it provides a polynomial-time
probabilistic algorithm that, when given $x$, the code of the sampler, and
$\delta$, it outputs, with probability $\ge 0.99$, a probabilistic
representation of $x$ that certifies this rKt complexity bound.
  Assuming the security of cryptographic pseudorandom generators, we show that
no efficient coding theorem can achieve a bound of the form rKt$(x) \leq (2 -
o(1)) \cdot \log(1/\delta) +$ poly$(\log n)$. Under a weaker assumption, we
exhibit a gap between efficient coding theorems and existential coding theorems
with near-optimal parameters.
  We consider pK$^t$ complexity [GKLO22], a variant of rKt where the randomness
is public and the time bound is fixed. We observe the existence of an optimal
coding theorem for pK$^t$, and employ this result to establish an unconditional
version of a theorem of Antunes and Fortnow [AF09] which characterizes the
worst-case running times of languages that are in average polynomial-time over
all P-samplable distributions.

### Title: Phishing Fraud Detection on Ethereum using Graph Neural Network
* Paper ID: 2204.08194v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08194v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08194v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Blockchain has widespread applications in the financial field but has also
attracted increasing cybercrimes. Recently, phishing fraud has emerged as a
major threat to blockchain security, calling for the development of effective
regulatory strategies. Nowadays network science has been widely used in
modeling Ethereum transaction data, further introducing the network
representation learning technology to analyze the transaction patterns. In this
paper, we consider phishing detection as a graph classification task and
propose an end-to-end Phishing Detection Graph Neural Network framework
(PDGNN). Specifically, we first construct a lightweight Ethereum transaction
network and extract transaction subgraphs of collected phishing accounts. Then
we propose an end-to-end detection model based on Chebyshev-GCN to precisely
distinguish between normal and phishing accounts. Extensive experiments on five
Ethereum datasets demonstrate that our PDGNN significantly outperforms general
phishing detection methods and scales well in large transaction networks.

### Title: Sardino: Ultra-Fast Dynamic Ensemble for Secure Visual Sensing at Mobile Edge
* Paper ID: 2204.08189v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Adversarial example attack endangers the mobile edge systems such as vehicles
and drones that adopt deep neural networks for visual sensing. This paper
presents {\em Sardino}, an active and dynamic defense approach that renews the
inference ensemble at run time to develop security against the adaptive
adversary who tries to exfiltrate the ensemble and construct the corresponding
effective adversarial examples. By applying consistency check and data fusion
on the ensemble's predictions, Sardino can detect and thwart adversarial
inputs. Compared with the training-based ensemble renewal, we use HyperNet to
achieve {\em one million times} acceleration and per-frame ensemble renewal
that presents the highest level of difficulty to the prerequisite exfiltration
attacks. Moreover, the robustness of the renewed ensembles against adversarial
examples is enhanced with adversarial learning for the HyperNet. We design a
run-time planner that maximizes the ensemble size in favor of security while
maintaining the processing frame rate. Beyond adversarial examples, Sardino can
also address the issue of out-of-distribution inputs effectively. This paper
presents extensive evaluation of Sardino's performance in counteracting
adversarial examples and applies it to build a real-time car-borne traffic sign
recognition system. Live on-road tests show the built system's effectiveness in
maintaining frame rate and detecting out-of-distribution inputs due to the
false positives of a preceding YOLO-based traffic sign detector.

### Title: Securing Signal-free Intersections against Strategic Jamming Attacks: A Macroscopic Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.08187v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08187v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08187v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We consider the security-by-design of a signal-free intersection for
connected and autonomous vehicles in the face of strategic jamming attacks. We
use a fluid model to characterize macroscopic traffic flow through the
intersection, where the saturation rate is derived from a vehicle coordination
algorithm. We model jamming attacks as sudden increase in communication latency
induced on vehicle-to-infrastructure connectivity; such latency triggers the
safety mode for vehicle coordination and thus reduces the intersection
saturation rate. A strategic attacker selects the attacking rate, while a
system operator selects key design parameters, either the saturation rate or
the recovery rate. Both players' actions induce technological costs and jointly
determine the mean travel delay. By analyzing the equilibrium of the security
game, we study the preferable level of investment in the intersection's nominal
discharging capability or recovery capability, for balance between
hardware/infrastructure cost and security-by-design.

### Title: On Secure NOMA-Aided Semi-Grant-Free Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.08135v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08135v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08135v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Semi-grant-free (SGF) transmission scheme enables grant-free (GF) users to
utilize resource blocks allocated for grant-based (GB) users while maintaining
the quality of service of GB users. This work investigates the secrecy
performance of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA)-aided SGF systems. First,
analytical expressions for the exact and asymptotic secrecy outage probability
(SOP) of NOMA-aided SGF systems with a single GF user are derived. Then, the
SGF systems with multiple GF users and a best-user scheduling scheme is
considered. By utilizing order statistics theory, closed-form expressions for
the exact and asymptotic SOP are derived. Monte Carlo simulation results
demonstrate the effects of system parameters on the SOP of the considered
system and verify the accuracy of the developed analytical results. The results
indicate that both the outage target rate for GB and the secure target rate for
GF are the main factors of the secrecy performance of SGF systems.

### Title: A Practical Cross-Device Federated Learning Framework over 5G Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.08134v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The concept of federated learning (FL) was first proposed by Google in 2016.
Thereafter, FL has been widely studied for the feasibility of application in
various fields due to its potential to make full use of data without
compromising the privacy. However, limited by the capacity of wireless data
transmission, the employment of federated learning on mobile devices has been
making slow progress in practical. The development and commercialization of the
5th generation (5G) mobile networks has shed some light on this. In this paper,
we analyze the challenges of existing federated learning schemes for mobile
devices and propose a novel cross-device federated learning framework, which
utilizes the anonymous communication technology and ring signature to protect
the privacy of participants while reducing the computation overhead of mobile
devices participating in FL. In addition, our scheme implements a
contribution-based incentive mechanism to encourage mobile users to participate
in FL. We also give a case study of autonomous driving. Finally, we present the
performance evaluation of the proposed scheme and discuss some open issues in
federated learning.

### Title: On the Differential Properties of the Power Mapping $x^{p^m+2}$
* Paper ID: 2204.08118v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08118v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08118v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Let $m$ be a positive integer and $p$ a prime. In this paper, we investigate
the differential properties of the power mapping $x^{p^m+2}$ over
$\mathbb{F}_{p^n}$, where $n=2m$ or $n=2m-1$. For the case $n=2m$, by
transforming the derivative equation of $x^{p^m+2}$ and studying some related
equations, we completely determine the differential spectrum of this power
mapping. For the case $n=2m-1$, the derivative equation can be transformed to a
polynomial of degree $p+3$. The problem is more difficult and we obtain partial
results about the differential spectrum of $x^{p^m+2}$.

