### Title: Can Rationalization Improve Robustness?
* Paper ID: 2204.11790v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness](https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness)
* Summary: A growing line of work has investigated the development of neural NLP models
that can produce rationales--subsets of input that can explain their model
predictions. In this paper, we ask whether such rationale models can also
provide robustness to adversarial attacks in addition to their interpretable
nature. Since these models need to first generate rationales ("rationalizer")
before making predictions ("predictor"), they have the potential to ignore
noise or adversarially added text by simply masking it out of the generated
rationale. To this end, we systematically generate various types of 'AddText'
attacks for both token and sentence-level rationalization tasks, and perform an
extensive empirical evaluation of state-of-the-art rationale models across five
different tasks. Our experiments reveal that the rationale models show the
promise to improve robustness, while they struggle in certain scenarios--when
the rationalizer is sensitive to positional bias or lexical choices of attack
text. Further, leveraging human rationale as supervision does not always
translate to better performance. Our study is a first step towards exploring
the interplay between interpretability and robustness in the
rationalize-then-predict framework.

### Title: Enhancing quantum cryptography with quantum dot single-photon sources
* Paper ID: 2204.11734v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum cryptography harnesses quantum light, in particular single photons,
to provide security guarantees that cannot be reached by classical means. For
each cryptographic task, the security feature of interest is directly related
to the photons' non-classical properties. Quantum dot-based single-photon
sources are remarkable candidates, as they can in principle emit
deterministically, with high brightness and low multiphoton contribution. Here,
we show that these sources provide additional security benefits, thanks to the
tunability of coherence in the emitted photon-number states. Generating either
mixed or coherent states of light allows for enhanced performance of many
quantum cryptography applications. We identify the optimal optical pumping
scheme for the main quantum-cryptographic primitives, and benchmark their
performance with respect to Poisson-distributed sources such as attenuated
laser states and down-conversion sources. The presented results will guide
future developments in solid-state and quantum information science for photon
sources that are tailored to quantum communication tasks.

### Title: Optimal security hardening over a probabilistic attack graph: a case study of an industrial control system using the CySecTool tool
* Paper ID: 2204.11707v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: CySecTool is a tool that finds a cost-optimal security controls portfolio in
a given budget for a probabilistic attack graph. A portfolio is a set of
counter-measures, or controls, against vulnerabilities adopted for a computer
system, while an attack graph is a type of a threat scenario model. In an
attack graph, nodes are privilege states of the attacker, edges are
vulnerabilities escalating privileges, and controls reduce the probabilities of
some vulnerabilities being exploited. The tool builds on an optimisation
algorithm published by Khouzani et al. (2019), enabling a user to quickly
create, edit, and incrementally improve models, analyse results for given
portfolios and display the best solutions for all possible budgets in the form
of a Pareto frontier. A case study was performed utilising a system graph and
suspected attack paths prepared by industrial security engineers based on an
industrial source with which they work. The goal of the case study is to model
a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) industrial system which, due
to having the potential to harm people, necessitates strong protection while
not allowing the use of typical penetration tools like vulnerability scanners.
Results are analysed to show how a cyber-security analyst would use CySecTool
to store cyber-security intelligence and draw further conclusions.

### Title: Interactivity in Constructive Cryptography : Modeling and Applications to Updatable Encryption and Private Information Retrieval
* Paper ID: 2204.11653v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we extend the Constructive Cryptography (CC) framework
introduced by Maurer in 2011 so as to handle interactive protocols.
  We design and construct a so-called {\em Interactive Server Memory Resource}
(ISMR), that is an augmented version of the basic instantiation of a
client-server protocol in CC, namely the Server Memory Resource. We then apply
our ISMR construction to two types of interactive cryptographic protocols for
remote storage : Updatable Encryption (UE) and Private Information Retrieval
(PIR).
  Concerning UE, our results are a composable version of those protocols,
clarifying the security guarantees achieved by {\em any} UE scheme. Namely, we
give the relevant security notion to consider according to a given leakage
context. Letting USMR denote our ISMR adapted to the UE application, we prove
that $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security is
sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR that hides the age
of ciphertexts; and
$\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC}+\mathsf{UPD})\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security
is sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR in case of
unrestricted leakage. As a consequence, contrary to what was claimed before,
the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}$ security notion is not always stronger
than the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC+UPD})$ one.
  Concerning PIR, we also give a composable version of PIR protocols, yielding
a unique model that unifies different notions of PIR : IT-PIR, C-PIR, one- or
multi- server PIR. Using the flexibility of CC, we are also able to model PIR
variants, such as SPIR.

### Title: Cryptography Is Not Enough: Relay Attacks on Authenticated GNSS Signals
* Paper ID: 2204.11641v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Civilian-GNSS is vulnerable to signal spoofing attacks, and countermeasures
based on cryptographic authentication are being proposed to protect against
these attacks. Both Galileo and GPS are currently testing broadcast
authentication techniques based on the delayed key disclosure to validate the
integrity of navigation messages. These authentication mechanisms have proven
secure against record now and replay later attacks, as navigation messages
become invalid after keys are released. This work analyzes the security
guarantees of cryptographically protected GNSS signals and shows the
possibility of spoofing a receiver to an arbitrary location without breaking
any cryptographic operation. In contrast to prior work, we demonstrate the
ability of an attacker to receive signals close to the victim receiver and
generate spoofing signals for a different target location without modifying the
navigation message contents. Our strategy exploits the essential common
reception and transmission time method used to estimate pseudorange in GNSS
receivers, thereby rendering any cryptographic authentication useless. We
evaluate our attack on a commercial receiver (ublox M9N) and a software-defined
GNSS receiver (GNSS-SDR) using a combination of open-source tools, commercial
GNSS signal generators, and software-defined radio hardware platforms. Our
results show that it is possible to spoof a victim receiver to locations around
4000 km away from the true location without requiring any high-speed
communication networks or modifying the message contents. Through this work, we
further highlight the fundamental limitations in securing a broadcast
signaling-based localization system even if all communications are
cryptographically protected.

### Title: Investigating Black-Box Function Recognition Using Hardware Performance Counters
* Paper ID: 2204.11639v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present new methods and results for discovering information about
black-box program functions using hardware performance counters (HPC), where an
investigator can only invoke and measure the results of function calls.
Important use cases include analysing compiled libraries, e.g. static and
dynamic link libraries, and trusted execution environment (TEE) applications.
Drawing inspiration from recent literature on malware classification, we
develop and evaluate a machine learning-based approach using information from
HPCs for function recognition. We use this to classify a comprehensive set of
HPC events, including L1 instruction cache accesses, TLB misses, and
instruction retirements, to recognise a functions from standard benchmarking
and cryptographic libraries. This includes various ciphers in different modes
of operation, e.g. AES-CTR vs. AES-ECB; signing, verification, and hashing
algorithms; and more. Three major architectures are evaluated using
off-the-shelf Intel/X86-64, ARM, and RISC-V CPUs under various compilation
assumptions. Following this, we develop two use-cases of our approach. Firstly,
we show that several known CVE-numbered OpenSSL vulnerabilities can be detected
using HPC differences between patched and unpatched library versions. Secondly,
we develop a proof-of-concept for recognising functions within ARM
TrustZone-based TEE applications using the open-source OP-TEE framework. In all
cases, HPCs could be used with significant accuracy (86.22-99.83%) depending on
the target architecture and application. Lastly, we discuss mitigations,
outstanding challenges, and directions for future research.

### Title: A Simple Structure For Building A Robust Model
* Paper ID: 2204.11596v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model](https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model)
* Summary: As deep learning applications, especially programs of computer vision, are
increasingly deployed in our lives, we have to think more urgently about the
security of these applications.One effective way to improve the security of
deep learning models is to perform adversarial training, which allows the model
to be compatible with samples that are deliberately created for use in
attacking the model.Based on this, we propose a simple architecture to build a
model with a certain degree of robustness, which improves the robustness of the
trained network by adding an adversarial sample detection network for
cooperative training.At the same time, we design a new data sampling strategy
that incorporates multiple existing attacks, allowing the model to adapt to
many different adversarial attacks with a single training.We conducted some
experiments to test the effectiveness of this design based on Cifar10 dataset,
and the results indicate that it has some degree of positive effect on the
robustness of the model.Our code could be found at
https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model.

### Title: Go Wide or Go Deep: Levering Watermarking Performance with Computational Cost for Specific Images
* Paper ID: 2204.11513v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Digital watermarking has been widely studied for the protection of
intellectual property. Traditional watermarking schemes often design in a
"wider" rule, which applies one general embedding mechanism to all images. But
this will limit the scheme into a robustness-invisibility trade-off, where the
improvements of robustness can only be achieved by the increase of embedding
intensity thus causing the visual quality decay. However, a new scenario comes
out at this stage that many businesses wish to give high level protection to
specific valuable images, which requires high robustness and high visual
quality at the same time. Such scenario makes the watermarking schemes should
be designed in a "deeper" way which makes the embedding mechanism customized to
specific images. To achieve so, we break the robustness-invisibility trade-off
by introducing computation cost in, and propose a novel auto-decoder-like
image-specified watermarking framework (ISMark). Based on ISMark, the strong
robustness and high visual quality for specific images can be both achieved. In
detail, we apply an optimization procedure (OPT) to replace the traditional
embedding mechanism. Unlike existing schemes that embed watermarks using a
learned encoder, OPT regards the cover image as the optimizable parameters to
minimize the extraction error of the decoder, thus the features of each
specified image can be effectively exploited to achieve superior performance.
Extensive experiments indicate that ISMark outperforms the state-of-the-art
methods by a large margin, which improves the average bit error rate by 4.64%
(from 4.86% to 0.22%) and PSNR by 2.20dB (from 32.50dB to 34.70dB).

### Title: An overview of the Eight International Olympiad in Cryptography "Non-Stop University CRYPTO"
* Paper ID: 2204.11502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Non-Stop University CRYPTO is the International Olympiad in Cryptography that
was held for the eight time in 2021. Hundreds of university and school
students, professionals from 33 countries worked on mathematical problems in
cryptography during a week. The aim of the Olympiad is to attract attention to
curious and even open scientific problems of modern cryptography. In this
paper, problems and their solutions of the Olympiad'2021 are presented. We
consider 19 problems of varying difficulty and topics: ciphers, online
machines, passwords, binary strings, permutations, quantum circuits, historical
ciphers, elliptic curves, masking, implementation on a chip, etc. We discuss
several open problems on quantum error correction, finding special permutations
and s-Boolean sharing of a function, obtaining new bounds on the distance to
affine vectorial functions.

### Title: Safe Delivery of Critical Services in Areas with Volatile Security Situation via a Stackelberg Game Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.11451v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Vaccine delivery in under-resourced locations with security risks is not just
challenging but also life threatening. The current COVID pandemic and the need
to vaccinate have added even more urgency to this issue. Motivated by this
problem, we propose a general framework to set-up limited temporary
(vaccination) centers that balance physical security and desired (vaccine)
service coverage with limited resources. We set-up the problem as a Stackelberg
game between the centers operator (defender) and an adversary, where the set of
centers is not fixed a priori but is part of the decision output. This results
in a mixed combinatorial and continuous optimization problem. As part of our
scalable approximation of this problem, we provide a fundamental contribution
by identifying general duality conditions of switching max and min when both
discrete and continuous variables are involved. We perform detailed experiments
to show that the solution proposed is scalable in practice.

### Title: Hardware Trojan Detection using Graph Neural Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.11431v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The globalization of the Integrated Circuit (IC) supply chain has moved most
of the design, fabrication, and testing process from a single trusted entity to
various untrusted third-party entities around the world. The risk of using
untrusted third-Party Intellectual Property (3PIP) is the possibility for
adversaries to insert malicious modifications known as Hardware Trojans (HTs).
These HTs can compromise the integrity, deteriorate the performance, and deny
the functionality of the intended design. Various HT detection methods have
been proposed in the literature; however, many fall short due to their reliance
on a golden reference circuit, a limited detection scope, the need for manual
code review, or the inability to scale with large modern designs. We propose a
novel golden reference-free HT detection method for both Register Transfer
Level (RTL) and gate-level netlists by leveraging Graph Neural Networks (GNNs)
to learn the behavior of the circuit through a Data Flow Graph (DFG)
representation of the hardware design. We evaluate our model on a custom
dataset by expanding the Trusthub HT benchmarks \cite{trusthub1}. The results
demonstrate that our approach detects unknown HTs with 97% recall (true
positive rate) very fast in 21.1ms for RTL and 84% recall in 13.42s for
Gate-Level Netlist.

### Title: When adversarial examples are excusable
* Paper ID: 2204.11985v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11985v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11985v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Neural networks work remarkably well in practice and theoretically they can
be universal approximators. However, they still make mistakes and a specific
type of them called adversarial errors seem inexcusable to humans. In this
work, we analyze both test errors and adversarial errors on a well controlled
but highly non-linear visual classification problem. We find that, when
approximating training on infinite data, test errors tend to be close to the
ground truth decision boundary. Qualitatively speaking these are also more
difficult for a human. By contrast, adversarial examples can be found almost
everywhere and are often obvious mistakes. However, when we constrain
adversarial examples to the manifold, we observe a 90\% reduction in
adversarial errors. If we inflate the manifold by training with Gaussian noise
we observe a similar effect. In both cases, the remaining adversarial errors
tend to be close to the ground truth decision boundary. Qualitatively, the
remaining adversarial errors are similar to test errors on difficult examples.
They do not have the customary quality of being inexcusable mistakes.

### Title: Decentralisation Conscious Players And System Reliability
* Paper ID: 2204.11980v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11980v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11980v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We propose a game-theoretic model of the reliability of decentralised systems
based on Varian's model of system reliability, to which we add a new normalised
total effort case that models \textit{decentralisation conscious players} who
prioritise decentralisation. We derive the Nash equilibria in the normalised
total effort game. In these equilibria, either one or two values are played by
players that do not free ride. The speed at which players can adjust their
contributions can determine how an equilibrium is reached and equilibrium
values. The behaviour of decentralisation conscious players is robust to
deviations by other players. Our results highlight the role that
decentralisation conscious players can play in maintaining decentralisation.
They also highlight, however, that by supporting an equilibrium that requires
an important contribution they cannot be expected to increase decentralisation
as contributing the equilibrium value may still imply a loss for many players.
We also discuss practical constraints on decentralisation in the context of our
model.

### Title: Gate-Level Side-Channel Leakage Assessment with Architecture Correlation Analysis
* Paper ID: 2204.11972v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11972v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11972v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: While side-channel leakage is traditionally evaluated from a fabricated chip,
it is more time-efficient and cost-effective to do so during the design phase
of the chip. We present a methodology to rank the gates of a design according
to their contribution to the side-channel leakage of the chip. The methodology
relies on logic synthesis, logic simulation, gate-level power estimation, and
gate leakage assessment to compute a ranking. The ranking metric can be defined
as a specific test by correlating gate-level activity with a leakage model, or
else as a non-specific test by evaluating gate-level activity in response to
distinct test vector groups. Our results show that only a minority of the gates
in a design contribute most of the side-channel leakage. We demonstrate this
property for several designs, including a hardware AES coprocessor and a
cryptographic hardware/software interface in a five-stage pipelined RISC
processor.

### Title: AI-Assisted Authentication: State of the Art, Taxonomy and Future Roadmap
* Paper ID: 2204.12492v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12492v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12492v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Artificial Intelligence (AI) has found its applications in a variety of
environments ranging from data science to cybersecurity. AI helps break through
the limitations of traditional algorithms and provides more efficient and
flexible methods for solving problems. In this paper, we focus on the
applications of artificial intelligence in authentication, which is used in a
wide range of scenarios including facial recognition to access buildings,
keystroke dynamics to unlock smartphones. With the emerging AI-assisted
authentication schemes, our comprehensive survey provides an overall
understanding on a high level, which paves the way for future research in this
area. In contrast to other relevant surveys, our research is the first of its
kind to focus on the roles of AI in authentication.

### Title: Topological Data Analysis for Anomaly Detection in Host-Based Logs
* Paper ID: 2204.12919v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12919v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12919v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Topological Data Analysis (TDA) gives practioners the ability to analyse the
global structure of cybersecurity data. We use TDA for anomaly detection in
host-based logs collected with the open-source Logging Made Easy (LME) project.
We present an approach that builds a filtration of simplicial complexes
directly from Windows logs, enabling analysis of their intrinsic structure
using topological tools. We compare the efficacy of persistent homology and the
spectrum of graph and hypergraph Laplacians as feature vectors against a
standard log embedding that counts events, and find that topological and
spectral embeddings of computer logs contain discriminative information for
classifying anomalous logs that is complementary to standard embeddings. We end
by discussing the potential for our methods to be used as part of an
explainable framework for anomaly detection.

### Title: Strategic Signaling for Utility Control in Audit Games
* Paper ID: 2204.11950v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11950v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11950v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: As an effective method to protect the daily access to sensitive data against
malicious attacks, the audit mechanism has been widely deployed in various
practical fields. In order to examine security vulnerabilities and prevent the
leakage of sensitive data in a timely manner, the database logging system
usually employs an online signaling scheme to issue an alert when suspicious
access is detected. Defenders can audit alerts to reduce potential damage. This
interaction process between a defender and an attacker can be modeled as an
audit game. In previous studies, it was found that sending real-time signals in
the audit game to warn visitors can improve the benefits of the defender.
However, the previous approaches usually assume perfect information of the
attacker, or simply concentrate on the utility of the defender. In this paper,
we introduce a brand-new zero-determinant (ZD) strategy to study the sequential
audit game with online signaling, which empowers the defender to unilaterally
control the utility of visitors when accessing sensitive data. In addition, an
optimization scheme based on the ZD strategy is designed to effectively
maximize the utility difference between the defender and the attacker.
Extensive simulation results show that our proposed scheme enhances the
security management and control capabilities of the defender to better handle
different access requests and safeguard the system security in a cost-efficient
manner.

### Title: Evolutionary latent space search for driving human portrait generation
* Paper ID: 2204.11887v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11887v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11887v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This article presents an evolutionary approach for synthetic human portraits
generation based on the latent space exploration of a generative adversarial
network. The idea is to produce different human face images very similar to a
given target portrait. The approach applies StyleGAN2 for portrait generation
and FaceNet for face similarity evaluation. The evolutionary search is based on
exploring the real-coded latent space of StyleGAN2. The main results over both
synthetic and real images indicate that the proposed approach generates
accurate and diverse solutions, which represent realistic human portraits. The
proposed research can contribute to improving the security of face recognition
systems.

### Title: Can Rationalization Improve Robustness?
* Paper ID: 2204.11790v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness](https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness)
* Summary: A growing line of work has investigated the development of neural NLP models
that can produce rationales--subsets of input that can explain their model
predictions. In this paper, we ask whether such rationale models can also
provide robustness to adversarial attacks in addition to their interpretable
nature. Since these models need to first generate rationales ("rationalizer")
before making predictions ("predictor"), they have the potential to ignore
noise or adversarially added text by simply masking it out of the generated
rationale. To this end, we systematically generate various types of 'AddText'
attacks for both token and sentence-level rationalization tasks, and perform an
extensive empirical evaluation of state-of-the-art rationale models across five
different tasks. Our experiments reveal that the rationale models show the
promise to improve robustness, while they struggle in certain scenarios--when
the rationalizer is sensitive to positional bias or lexical choices of attack
text. Further, leveraging human rationale as supervision does not always
translate to better performance. Our study is a first step towards exploring
the interplay between interpretability and robustness in the
rationalize-then-predict framework.

### Title: Enhancing quantum cryptography with quantum dot single-photon sources
* Paper ID: 2204.11734v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum cryptography harnesses quantum light, in particular single photons,
to provide security guarantees that cannot be reached by classical means. For
each cryptographic task, the security feature of interest is directly related
to the photons' non-classical properties. Quantum dot-based single-photon
sources are remarkable candidates, as they can in principle emit
deterministically, with high brightness and low multiphoton contribution. Here,
we show that these sources provide additional security benefits, thanks to the
tunability of coherence in the emitted photon-number states. Generating either
mixed or coherent states of light allows for enhanced performance of many
quantum cryptography applications. We identify the optimal optical pumping
scheme for the main quantum-cryptographic primitives, and benchmark their
performance with respect to Poisson-distributed sources such as attenuated
laser states and down-conversion sources. The presented results will guide
future developments in solid-state and quantum information science for photon
sources that are tailored to quantum communication tasks.

### Title: Optimal security hardening over a probabilistic attack graph: a case study of an industrial control system using the CySecTool tool
* Paper ID: 2204.11707v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/przemub/cysectool](https://github.com/przemub/cysectool)
* Summary: CySecTool is a tool that finds a cost-optimal security controls portfolio in
a given budget for a probabilistic attack graph. A portfolio is a set of
counter-measures, or controls, against vulnerabilities adopted for a computer
system, while an attack graph is a type of a threat scenario model. In an
attack graph, nodes are privilege states of the attacker, edges are
vulnerabilities escalating privileges, and controls reduce the probabilities of
some vulnerabilities being exploited. The tool builds on an optimisation
algorithm published by Khouzani et al. (2019), enabling a user to quickly
create, edit, and incrementally improve models, analyse results for given
portfolios and display the best solutions for all possible budgets in the form
of a Pareto frontier. A case study was performed utilising a system graph and
suspected attack paths prepared by industrial security engineers based on an
industrial source with which they work. The goal of the case study is to model
a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) industrial system which, due
to having the potential to harm people, necessitates strong protection while
not allowing the use of typical penetration tools like vulnerability scanners.
Results are analysed to show how a cyber-security analyst would use CySecTool
to store cyber-security intelligence and draw further conclusions.

### Title: Interactivity in Constructive Cryptography : Modeling and Applications to Updatable Encryption and Private Information Retrieval
* Paper ID: 2204.11653v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we extend the Constructive Cryptography (CC) framework
introduced by Maurer in 2011 so as to handle interactive protocols.
  We design and construct a so-called {\em Interactive Server Memory Resource}
(ISMR), that is an augmented version of the basic instantiation of a
client-server protocol in CC, namely the Server Memory Resource. We then apply
our ISMR construction to two types of interactive cryptographic protocols for
remote storage : Updatable Encryption (UE) and Private Information Retrieval
(PIR).
  Concerning UE, our results are a composable version of those protocols,
clarifying the security guarantees achieved by {\em any} UE scheme. Namely, we
give the relevant security notion to consider according to a given leakage
context. Letting USMR denote our ISMR adapted to the UE application, we prove
that $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security is
sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR that hides the age
of ciphertexts; and
$\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC}+\mathsf{UPD})\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security
is sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR in case of
unrestricted leakage. As a consequence, contrary to what was claimed before,
the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}$ security notion is not always stronger
than the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC+UPD})$ one.
  Concerning PIR, we also give a composable version of PIR protocols, yielding
a unique model that unifies different notions of PIR : IT-PIR, C-PIR, one- or
multi- server PIR. Using the flexibility of CC, we are also able to model PIR
variants, such as SPIR.

### Title: Cryptography Is Not Enough: Relay Attacks on Authenticated GNSS Signals
* Paper ID: 2204.11641v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Civilian-GNSS is vulnerable to signal spoofing attacks, and countermeasures
based on cryptographic authentication are being proposed to protect against
these attacks. Both Galileo and GPS are currently testing broadcast
authentication techniques based on the delayed key disclosure to validate the
integrity of navigation messages. These authentication mechanisms have proven
secure against record now and replay later attacks, as navigation messages
become invalid after keys are released. This work analyzes the security
guarantees of cryptographically protected GNSS signals and shows the
possibility of spoofing a receiver to an arbitrary location without breaking
any cryptographic operation. In contrast to prior work, we demonstrate the
ability of an attacker to receive signals close to the victim receiver and
generate spoofing signals for a different target location without modifying the
navigation message contents. Our strategy exploits the essential common
reception and transmission time method used to estimate pseudorange in GNSS
receivers, thereby rendering any cryptographic authentication useless. We
evaluate our attack on a commercial receiver (ublox M9N) and a software-defined
GNSS receiver (GNSS-SDR) using a combination of open-source tools, commercial
GNSS signal generators, and software-defined radio hardware platforms. Our
results show that it is possible to spoof a victim receiver to locations around
4000 km away from the true location without requiring any high-speed
communication networks or modifying the message contents. Through this work, we
further highlight the fundamental limitations in securing a broadcast
signaling-based localization system even if all communications are
cryptographically protected.

### Title: A Simple Structure For Building A Robust Model
* Paper ID: 2204.11596v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model](https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model)
* Summary: As deep learning applications, especially programs of computer vision, are
increasingly deployed in our lives, we have to think more urgently about the
security of these applications.One effective way to improve the security of
deep learning models is to perform adversarial training, which allows the model
to be compatible with samples that are deliberately created for use in
attacking the model.Based on this, we propose a simple architecture to build a
model with a certain degree of robustness, which improves the robustness of the
trained network by adding an adversarial sample detection network for
cooperative training.At the same time, we design a new data sampling strategy
that incorporates multiple existing attacks, allowing the model to adapt to
many different adversarial attacks with a single training.We conducted some
experiments to test the effectiveness of this design based on Cifar10 dataset,
and the results indicate that it has some degree of positive effect on the
robustness of the model.Our code could be found at
https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model.

### Title: Go Wide or Go Deep: Levering Watermarking Performance with Computational Cost for Specific Images
* Paper ID: 2204.11513v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Digital watermarking has been widely studied for the protection of
intellectual property. Traditional watermarking schemes often design in a
"wider" rule, which applies one general embedding mechanism to all images. But
this will limit the scheme into a robustness-invisibility trade-off, where the
improvements of robustness can only be achieved by the increase of embedding
intensity thus causing the visual quality decay. However, a new scenario comes
out at this stage that many businesses wish to give high level protection to
specific valuable images, which requires high robustness and high visual
quality at the same time. Such scenario makes the watermarking schemes should
be designed in a "deeper" way which makes the embedding mechanism customized to
specific images. To achieve so, we break the robustness-invisibility trade-off
by introducing computation cost in, and propose a novel auto-decoder-like
image-specified watermarking framework (ISMark). Based on ISMark, the strong
robustness and high visual quality for specific images can be both achieved. In
detail, we apply an optimization procedure (OPT) to replace the traditional
embedding mechanism. Unlike existing schemes that embed watermarks using a
learned encoder, OPT regards the cover image as the optimizable parameters to
minimize the extraction error of the decoder, thus the features of each
specified image can be effectively exploited to achieve superior performance.
Extensive experiments indicate that ISMark outperforms the state-of-the-art
methods by a large margin, which improves the average bit error rate by 4.64%
(from 4.86% to 0.22%) and PSNR by 2.20dB (from 32.50dB to 34.70dB).

### Title: An overview of the Eight International Olympiad in Cryptography "Non-Stop University CRYPTO"
* Paper ID: 2204.11502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Non-Stop University CRYPTO is the International Olympiad in Cryptography that
was held for the eight time in 2021. Hundreds of university and school
students, professionals from 33 countries worked on mathematical problems in
cryptography during a week. The aim of the Olympiad is to attract attention to
curious and even open scientific problems of modern cryptography. In this
paper, problems and their solutions of the Olympiad'2021 are presented. We
consider 19 problems of varying difficulty and topics: ciphers, online
machines, passwords, binary strings, permutations, quantum circuits, historical
ciphers, elliptic curves, masking, implementation on a chip, etc. We discuss
several open problems on quantum error correction, finding special permutations
and s-Boolean sharing of a function, obtaining new bounds on the distance to
affine vectorial functions.

### Title: Real or Virtual: A Video Conferencing Background Manipulation-Detection System
* Paper ID: 2204.11853v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11853v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11853v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recently, the popularity and wide use of the last-generation video
conferencing technologies created an exponential growth in its market size.
Such technology allows participants in different geographic regions to have a
virtual face-to-face meeting. Additionally, it enables users to employ a
virtual background to conceal their own environment due to privacy concerns or
to reduce distractions, particularly in professional settings. Nevertheless, in
scenarios where the users should not hide their actual locations, they may
mislead other participants by claiming their virtual background as a real one.
Therefore, it is crucial to develop tools and strategies to detect the
authenticity of the considered virtual background. In this paper, we present a
detection strategy to distinguish between real and virtual video conferencing
user backgrounds. We demonstrate that our detector is robust against two attack
scenarios. The first scenario considers the case where the detector is unaware
about the attacks and inn the second scenario, we make the detector aware of
the adversarial attacks, which we refer to Adversarial Multimedia Forensics
(i.e, the forensically-edited frames are included in the training set). Given
the lack of publicly available dataset of virtual and real backgrounds for
video conferencing, we created our own dataset and made them publicly available
[1]. Then, we demonstrate the robustness of our detector against different
adversarial attacks that the adversary considers. Ultimately, our detector's
performance is significant against the CRSPAM1372 [2] features, and
post-processing operations such as geometric transformations with different
quality factors that the attacker may choose. Moreover, our performance results
shows that we can perfectly identify a real from a virtual background with an
accuracy of 99.80%.

### Title: Safe Delivery of Critical Services in Areas with Volatile Security Situation via a Stackelberg Game Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.11451v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Vaccine delivery in under-resourced locations with security risks is not just
challenging but also life threatening. The current COVID pandemic and the need
to vaccinate have added even more urgency to this issue. Motivated by this
problem, we propose a general framework to set-up limited temporary
(vaccination) centers that balance physical security and desired (vaccine)
service coverage with limited resources. We set-up the problem as a Stackelberg
game between the centers operator (defender) and an adversary, where the set of
centers is not fixed a priori but is part of the decision output. This results
in a mixed combinatorial and continuous optimization problem. As part of our
scalable approximation of this problem, we provide a fundamental contribution
by identifying general duality conditions of switching max and min when both
discrete and continuous variables are involved. We perform detailed experiments
to show that the solution proposed is scalable in practice.

### Title: Hardware Trojan Detection using Graph Neural Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.11431v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The globalization of the Integrated Circuit (IC) supply chain has moved most
of the design, fabrication, and testing process from a single trusted entity to
various untrusted third-party entities around the world. The risk of using
untrusted third-Party Intellectual Property (3PIP) is the possibility for
adversaries to insert malicious modifications known as Hardware Trojans (HTs).
These HTs can compromise the integrity, deteriorate the performance, and deny
the functionality of the intended design. Various HT detection methods have
been proposed in the literature; however, many fall short due to their reliance
on a golden reference circuit, a limited detection scope, the need for manual
code review, or the inability to scale with large modern designs. We propose a
novel golden reference-free HT detection method for both Register Transfer
Level (RTL) and gate-level netlists by leveraging Graph Neural Networks (GNNs)
to learn the behavior of the circuit through a Data Flow Graph (DFG)
representation of the hardware design. We evaluate our model on a custom
dataset by expanding the Trusthub HT benchmarks \cite{trusthub1}. The results
demonstrate that our approach detects unknown HTs with 97% recall (true
positive rate) very fast in 21.1ms for RTL and 84% recall in 13.42s for
Gate-Level Netlist.

