### Title: sqSGD: Locally Private and Communication Efficient Federated Learning
* Paper ID: 2206.10565v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10565v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10565v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning (FL) is a technique that trains machine learning models
from decentralized data sources. We study FL under local notions of privacy
constraints, which provides strong protection against sensitive data
disclosures via obfuscating the data before leaving the client. We identify two
major concerns in designing practical privacy-preserving FL algorithms:
communication efficiency and high-dimensional compatibility. We then develop a
gradient-based learning algorithm called \emph{sqSGD} (selective quantized
stochastic gradient descent) that addresses both concerns. The proposed
algorithm is based on a novel privacy-preserving quantization scheme that uses
a constant number of bits per dimension per client. Then we improve the base
algorithm in three ways: first, we apply a gradient subsampling strategy that
simultaneously offers better training performance and smaller communication
costs under a fixed privacy budget. Secondly, we utilize randomized rotation as
a preprocessing step to reduce quantization error. Thirdly, an adaptive
gradient norm upper bound shrinkage strategy is adopted to improve accuracy and
stabilize training. Finally, the practicality of the proposed framework is
demonstrated on benchmark datasets. Experiment results show that sqSGD
successfully learns large models like LeNet and ResNet with local privacy
constraints. In addition, with fixed privacy and communication level, the
performance of sqSGD significantly dominates that of various baseline
algorithms.

### Title: (Certified!!) Adversarial Robustness for Free!
* Paper ID: 2206.10550v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10550v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10550v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper we show how to achieve state-of-the-art certified adversarial
robustness to 2-norm bounded perturbations by relying exclusively on
off-the-shelf pretrained models. To do so, we instantiate the denoised
smoothing approach of Salman et al. by combining a pretrained denoising
diffusion probabilistic model and a standard high-accuracy classifier. This
allows us to certify 71% accuracy on ImageNet under adversarial perturbations
constrained to be within a 2-norm of 0.5, an improvement of 14 percentage
points over the prior certified SoTA using any approach, or an improvement of
30 percentage points over denoised smoothing. We obtain these results using
only pretrained diffusion models and image classifiers, without requiring any
fine tuning or retraining of model parameters.

### Title: The Impact of Visibility on the Right to Opt-out of Sale under CCPA
* Paper ID: 2206.10545v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10545v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10545v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) gives users the right to
opt-out of sale of their personal information, but prior work has found that
opt-out mechanisms provided under this law result in very low opt-out rates.
Privacy signals offer a solution for users who are aware of their rights and
are willing to proactively take steps to enable privacy-enhancing tools, but
this work findsthat many users are not aware of their rights under CCPA and
that current opt-out rates are very low. We therefore explore an alternative
approach to enhancing privacy under CCPA: increasing the visibility of opt-out
of sale mechanisms. For this purpose, we design and implement CCPA Opt-out
Assistant (COA), a browser extension that automatically detects when websites
sell personal information and presents users with a visible, standardized
banner that links to the opt-out of sale mechanism for the website. We conduct
an online user study with 54 participants that finds that these banners
significantly increases the rate at which users opt-out of sale of their
personal information. Participants also report less difficulty opting-out and
more satisfaction with opt-out mechanisms compared to the native mechanisms
currently provided by websites. Our results suggest that effective privacy
regulation depends on imposing clear, enforceable visibility standards, and
that CCPA's requirements for opt-out of sale mechanisms fall short.

### Title: Three-way optimization of privacy and utility of location data
* Paper ID: 2206.10525v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10525v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10525v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the recent bloom of data and the drive towards an information-based
society, the urge of and the advancements in data analytics is surging like
never before. And with this, the risks of privacy violation of various kinds
are also increasing manifold. Most of the methods to mitigate the privacy risks
for location data resort to adding some noise to the location, like the planar
Laplace used to achieve geo-indistinguishability. However, the noise should be
calibrated carefully, taking into account the implications for utility, because
it is far from ideal for the service providers to completely lose the utility
of the collected data succumbing to the privacy requirements of the users.
Similarly, the quality of service for the users should be optimized with their
personalized needs of privacy protection used to shield their sensitive
information. In this paper, we address this age-old battle between privacy and
utility from three ends: privacy of the users' data, the quality of service
(QoS) received by them in exchange for sharing their privatized data, and the
statistical utility of the privatized data for the service providers who wish
to perform various kinds of analysis and research on the data collected from
the users. We propose a method to produce a geo-indistinguishable
location-privacy mechanism that advances to optimize simultaneously between the
level of privacy attained, the QoS, and the statistical utility achieved by the
obfuscated data. We illustrate the soundness of this three-way privacy-utility
optimization mechanism both analytically and with experiments. Apart from the
novelty of the proposed method, this work is aimed to engender an analytical
perspective to bridge between geo-indistinguishable location-privacy, QoS, and
statistical utilities used in standard data analytics, from an information
theoretical, probabilistic, and statistical perspective.

### Title: Securing the Future Internet of Things with Post-Quantum Cryptography
* Paper ID: 2206.10473v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10473v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10473v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Traditional and lightweight cryptography primitives and protocols are
insecure against quantum attacks. Thus, a real-time application using
traditional or lightweight cryptography primitives and protocols does not
ensure full-proof security. Post-quantum Cryptography is important for the
Internet of Things (IoT) due to its security against Quantum attacks. This
paper offers a broad literature analysis of post-quantum cryptography for IoT
networks, including the challenges and research directions to adopt in
real-time applications. The work draws focus towards post-quantum cryptosystems
that are useful for resource-constraint devices. Further, those quantum attacks
are surveyed, which may occur over traditional and lightweight cryptographic
primitives.

### Title: Formation of the simplest amide in molecular clouds: formamide (NH$_{2}$CHO) and its derivatives in H$_2$O-rich and CO-rich interstellar ice analogs upon VUV irradiation
* Paper ID: 2206.10470v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10470v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10470v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The astronomical detection of formamide (NH$_2$CHO) toward various
star-forming regions and in cometary material implies that the simplest amide
might have an early origin in dark molecular clouds at low temperatures.
Laboratory studies have proven the efficient NH$_2$CHO formation in
interstellar CO:NH$_3$ ice analogs upon energetic processing. However, it is
still under debate, whether the proposed radical-radical recombination
reactions forming complex organic molecules remain valid in an abundant H$_2$O
environment. The aim of this work was to investigate the formation of NH$_2$CHO
in H$_2$O- and CO-rich ices under conditions prevailing in molecular clouds.
Therefore, different ice mixtures composed of H$_2$O:CO:NH$_3$ (10:5:1),
CO:NH$_3$ (4:1), and CO:NH$_3$ (0.6:1) were exposed to vacuum ultraviolet
photons in an ultra-high vacuum chamber at 10 K. Fourier-transform infrared
spectroscopy was utilized to monitor in situ the initial and newly formed
species as a function of photon fluence. The infrared spectral identifications
are complementarily secured by a temperature-programmed desorption experiment
combined with a quadrupole mass spectrometer. The energetic processing of
CO:NH$_3$ ice mixtures mainly leads to the NH$_2$CHO formation, along with its
chemical derivatives such as isocyanic acid (HNCO) and cyanate ion (OCN$^-$).
The formation kinetics of NH$_2$CHO shows an explicit dependency on ice ratios
and compositions; the highest yield is found in H$_2$O-rich ice. The
astronomical relevance of the resulting reaction network is discussed.

### Title: The Privacy Onion Effect: Memorization is Relative
* Paper ID: 2206.10469v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10469v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10469v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine learning models trained on private datasets have been shown to leak
their private data. While recent work has found that the average data point is
rarely leaked, the outlier samples are frequently subject to memorization and,
consequently, privacy leakage. We demonstrate and analyse an Onion Effect of
memorization: removing the "layer" of outlier points that are most vulnerable
to a privacy attack exposes a new layer of previously-safe points to the same
attack. We perform several experiments to study this effect, and understand why
it occurs. The existence of this effect has various consequences. For example,
it suggests that proposals to defend against memorization without training with
rigorous privacy guarantees are unlikely to be effective. Further, it suggests
that privacy-enhancing technologies such as machine unlearning could actually
harm the privacy of other users.

### Title: Multilayer Block Models for Exploratory Analysis of Computer Event Logs
* Paper ID: 2206.10413v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10413v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10413v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We investigate a graph-based approach to exploratory data analysis in the
context of network security monitoring. Given a possibly large batch of event
logs describing ongoing activity, we first represent these events as a
bipartite multiplex graph. We then apply a model-based biclustering algorithm
to extract relevant clusters of entities and interactions between these
clusters, thereby providing a simplified situational picture. We illustrate
this methodology through two case studies addressing network flow records and
authentication logs, respectively. In both cases, the inferred clusters reveal
the functional roles of entities as well as relevant behavioral patterns.
Displaying interactions between these clusters also helps uncover malicious
activity. Our code is available at
https://github.com/cl-anssi/MultilayerBlockModels.

### Title: Using EBGAN for Anomaly Intrusion Detection
* Paper ID: 2206.10400v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10400v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10400v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: As an active network security protection scheme, intrusion detection system
(IDS) undertakes the important responsibility of detecting network attacks in
the form of malicious network traffic. Intrusion detection technology is an
important part of IDS. At present, many scholars have carried out extensive
research on intrusion detection technology. However, developing an efficient
intrusion detection method for massive network traffic data is still difficult.
Since Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have powerful modeling
capabilities for complex high-dimensional data, they provide new ideas for
addressing this problem. In this paper, we put forward an EBGAN-based intrusion
detection method, IDS-EBGAN, that classifies network records as normal traffic
or malicious traffic. The generator in IDS-EBGAN is responsible for converting
the original malicious network traffic in the training set into adversarial
malicious examples. This is because we want to use adversarial learning to
improve the ability of discriminator to detect malicious traffic. At the same
time, the discriminator adopts Autoencoder model. During testing, IDS-EBGAN
uses reconstruction error of discriminator to classify traffic records.

### Title: Can process mining help in anomaly-based intrusion detection?
* Paper ID: 2206.10379v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10379v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10379v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we consider the naive applications of process mining in
network traffic comprehension, traffic anomaly detection, and intrusion
detection. We standardise the procedure of transforming packet data into an
event log. We mine multiple process models and analyse the process models mined
with the inductive miner using ProM and the fuzzy miner using Disco. We compare
the two types of process models extracted from event logs of differing sizes.
We contrast the process models with the RFC TCP state transition diagram and
the diagram by Bishop et al. We analyse the issues and challenges associated
with process mining in intrusion detection and explain why naive process mining
with network data is ineffective.

### Title: Real-Time Waveform Matching with a Digitizer at 10 GS/s
* Paper ID: 2206.10368v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10368v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10368v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Side-Channel Analysis (SCA) requires the detection of the specific time frame
Cryptographic Operations (COs) takeplace in the side-channel signal. In
laboratory conditions with full control over the Device under Test (DuT),
dedicated trigger signals can be implemented to indicate the start and end of
COs. For real-world scenarios, waveform-matching techniques have been
established which compare the side-channel signal with a template of the CO's
pattern in real time to detect the CO in the side channel. State-of-the-art
approaches are implemented on Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). However,
current waveform-matching designs are processing the samples from
Analog-to-Digital Converters (ADCs) sequentially and can only work with low
sampling rates due to the limited clock speed of FPGAs. This makes it
increasingly difficult to apply existing techniques on modern DuTs that are
operating with clock speeds in the GHz range. In this paper, we present a
parallel waveform-matching architecture that is capable of performing waveform
matching at the speed of fast ADCs. We implement the proposed architecture in a
high-end FPGA-based digitizer and apply it to detect AES COs from the side
channel of a single-board computer operating at 1 GHz. Our implementation
allows for waveform matching at 10 GS/s with high accuracy, thus offering a
speedup of 50x compared to the fastest state-of-the-art implementation known to
us.

### Title: Static Analysis of Infrastructure as Code: a Survey
* Paper ID: 2206.10344v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10344v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10344v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The increasing use of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) in DevOps leads to
benefits in speed and reliability of deployment operation, but extends to
infrastructure challenges typical of software systems. IaC scripts can contain
defects that result in security and reliability issues in the deployed
infrastructure: techniques for detecting and preventing them are needed. We
analyze and survey the current state of research in this respect by conducting
a literature review on static analysis techniques for IaC. We describe analysis
techniques, defect categories and platforms targeted by tools in the
literature.

### Title: Identification of Attack Paths Using Kill Chain and Attack Graphs
* Paper ID: 2206.10272v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10272v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10272v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The ever-evolving capabilities of cyber attackers force security
administrators to focus on the early identification of emerging threats.
Targeted cyber attacks usually consist of several phases, from initial
reconnaissance of the network environment to final impact on objectives. This
paper investigates the identification of multi-step cyber threat scenarios
using kill chain and attack graphs. Kill chain and attack graphs are threat
modeling concepts that enable determining weak security defense points. We
propose a novel kill chain attack graph that merges kill chain and attack
graphs together. This approach determines possible chains of attacker's actions
and their materialization within the protected network. The graph generation
uses a categorization of threats according to violated security properties. The
graph allows determining the kill chain phase the administrator should focus on
and applicable countermeasures to mitigate possible cyber threats. We
implemented the proposed approach for a predefined range of cyber threats,
especially vulnerability exploitation and network threats. The approach was
validated on a real-world use case. Publicly available implementation contains
a proof-of-concept kill chain attack graph generator.

### Title: R2-AD2: Detecting Anomalies by Analysing the Raw Gradient
* Paper ID: 2206.10259v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10259v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10259v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Neural networks follow a gradient-based learning scheme, adapting their
mapping parameters by back-propagating the output loss. Samples unlike the ones
seen during training cause a different gradient distribution. Based on this
intuition, we design a novel semi-supervised anomaly detection method called
R2-AD2. By analysing the temporal distribution of the gradient over multiple
training steps, we reliably detect point anomalies in strict semi-supervised
settings. Instead of domain dependent features, we input the raw gradient
caused by the sample under test to an end-to-end recurrent neural network
architecture. R2-AD2 works in a purely data-driven way, thus is readily
applicable in a variety of important use cases of anomaly detection.

### Title: Satoshi Nakamoto and the Origins of Bitcoin -- Narratio in Nomine, Datis et Numeris
* Paper ID: 2206.10257v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10257v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10257v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The mystery about the ingenious creator of Bitcoin concealing behind the
pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto has been fascinating the global public for more than
a decade. Suddenly jumping out of the dark in 2008, this persona hurled the
highly disruptive distributed ledger technology "blockchain" that has added the
missing native value layer to the internet. Purposely agnostic without
advocating any old or fielding new names, this paper first identifies the
degrees of freedom Satoshi Nakamoto had available in the design of Bitcoin, and
in fabricating snippets of personal data. By interweaving the substantial
collection of previous and new circumstantial with direct evidence, like
relevant locations and happenings in history and at the time, a consistent
skeleton of Satoshi Nakamoto's biography transpires. The results underpin that
the iconic creator of Bitcoin most likely encoded bits of information in his
self-chosen alias, dates and blockchain parameters, which particularly point to
the numbers 21 and 42, and the numeral systems used in Bitcoin's framework.
Moreover, a psychogram of a reclusive and capricious genius is drawn, which
sheds new light on Satoshi Nakamoto's background, mindset, pastimes, and
penchant for puns; this study may also explain the motivation of his abrupt
departure from the public, his continuing abstinence from engaging with the
Bitcoin community, and from reaping the fruits of his mindboggling wealth. From
a history of technology perspective, such an altruistic sacrifice for the
benefit of his brainchild is entirely unprecedented.

### Title: A Hierarchical HAZOP-Like Safety Analysis for Learning-Enabled Systems
* Paper ID: 2206.10216v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10216v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10216v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Hazard and Operability Analysis (HAZOP) is a powerful safety analysis
technique with a long history in industrial process control domain. With the
increasing use of Machine Learning (ML) components in cyber physical
systems--so called Learning-Enabled Systems (LESs), there is a recent trend of
applying HAZOP-like analysis to LESs. While it shows a great potential to
reserve the capability of doing sufficient and systematic safety analysis,
there are new technical challenges raised by the novel characteristics of ML
that require retrofit of the conventional HAZOP technique. In this regard, we
present a new Hierarchical HAZOP-Like method for LESs (HILLS). To deal with the
complexity of LESs, HILLS first does "divide and conquer" by stratifying the
whole system into three levels, and then proceeds HAZOP on each level to
identify (latent-)hazards, causes, security threats and mitigation (with new
nodes and guide words). Finally, HILLS attempts at linking and propagating the
causal relationship among those identified elements within and across the three
levels via both qualitative and quantitative methods. We examine and illustrate
the utility of HILLS by a case study on Autonomous Underwater Vehicles, with
discussions on assumptions and extensions to real-world applications. HILLS, as
a first HAZOP-like attempt on LESs that explicitly considers ML internal
behaviours and its interactions with other components, not only uncovers the
inherent difficulties of doing safety analysis for LESs, but also demonstrates
a good potential to tackle them.

### Title: Diffractive Interconnects: All-Optical Permutation Operation Using Diffractive Networks
* Paper ID: 2206.10152v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10152v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10152v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Permutation matrices form an important computational building block
frequently used in various fields including e.g., communications, information
security and data processing. Optical implementation of permutation operators
with relatively large number of input-output interconnections based on
power-efficient, fast, and compact platforms is highly desirable. Here, we
present diffractive optical networks engineered through deep learning to
all-optically perform permutation operations that can scale to hundreds of
thousands of interconnections between an input and an output field-of-view
using passive transmissive layers that are individually structured at the
wavelength scale. Our findings indicate that the capacity of the diffractive
optical network in approximating a given permutation operation increases
proportional to the number of diffractive layers and trainable transmission
elements in the system. Such deeper diffractive network designs can pose
practical challenges in terms of physical alignment and output diffraction
efficiency of the system. We addressed these challenges by designing
misalignment tolerant diffractive designs that can all-optically perform
arbitrarily-selected permutation operations, and experimentally demonstrated,
for the first time, a diffractive permutation network that operates at THz part
of the spectrum. Diffractive permutation networks might find various
applications in e.g., security, image encryption and data processing, along
with telecommunications; especially with the carrier frequencies in wireless
communications approaching THz-bands, the presented diffractive permutation
networks can potentially serve as channel routing and interconnection panels in
wireless networks.

### Title: General Framework for Reversible Data Hiding in Texts Based on Masked Language Modeling
* Paper ID: 2206.10112v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10112v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10112v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the fast development of natural language processing, recent advances in
information hiding focus on covertly embedding secret information into texts.
These algorithms either modify a given cover text or directly generate a text
containing secret information, which, however, are not reversible, meaning that
the original text not carrying secret information cannot be perfectly recovered
unless much side information are shared in advance. To tackle with this
problem, in this paper, we propose a general framework to embed secret
information into a given cover text, for which the embedded information and the
original cover text can be perfectly retrieved from the marked text. The main
idea of the proposed method is to use a masked language model to generate such
a marked text that the cover text can be reconstructed by collecting the words
of some positions and the words of the other positions can be processed to
extract the secret information. Our results show that the original cover text
and the secret information can be successfully embedded and extracted.
Meanwhile, the marked text carrying secret information has good fluency and
semantic quality, indicating that the proposed method has satisfactory
security, which has been verified by experimental results. Furthermore, there
is no need for the data hider and data receiver to share the language model,
which significantly reduces the side information and thus has good potential in
applications.

### Title: ProML: A Decentralised Platform for Provenance Management of Machine Learning Software Systems
* Paper ID: 2206.10110v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10110v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10110v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Large-scale Machine Learning (ML) based Software Systems are increasingly
developed by distributed teams situated in different trust domains. Insider
threats can launch attacks from any domain to compromise ML assets (models and
datasets). Therefore, practitioners require information about how and by whom
ML assets were developed to assess their quality attributes such as security,
safety, and fairness. Unfortunately, it is challenging for ML teams to access
and reconstruct such historical information of ML assets (ML provenance)
because it is generally fragmented across distributed ML teams and threatened
by the same adversaries that attack ML assets. This paper proposes ProML, a
decentralised platform that leverages blockchain and smart contracts to empower
distributed ML teams to jointly manage a single source of truth about
circulated ML assets' provenance without relying on a third party, which is
vulnerable to insider threats and presents a single point of failure. We
propose a novel architectural approach called Artefact-as-a-State-Machine to
leverage blockchain transactions and smart contracts for managing ML provenance
information and introduce a user-driven provenance capturing mechanism to
integrate existing scripts and tools to ProML without compromising
participants' control over their assets and toolchains. We evaluate the
performance and overheads of ProML by benchmarking a proof-of-concept system on
a global blockchain. Furthermore, we assessed ProML's security against a threat
model of a distributed ML workflow.

### Title: Deterministic Generation of Multidimensional Photonic Cluster States with a Single Quantum Emitter
* Paper ID: 2206.10076v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10076v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10076v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Multidimensional photonic graph states, such as cluster states, have
prospective applications in quantum metrology, secure quantum communication,
and measurement-based quantum computation. However, to date, generation of
multidimensional cluster states of photonic qubits has relied on probabilistic
methods that limit the scalability of typical generation schemes in optical
systems. Here we present an experimental implementation in the microwave domain
of a resource-efficient scheme for the deterministic generation of 2D photonic
cluster states. By utilizing a coupled resonator array as a slow-light
waveguide, a single flux-tunable transmon qubit as a quantum emitter, and a
second auxiliary transmon as a switchable mirror, we achieve rapid, shaped
emission of entangled photon wavepackets, and selective time-delayed feedback
of photon wavepackets to the emitter qubit. We leverage these capabilities to
generate a 2D cluster state of four photons with 70\% fidelity, as verified by
tomographic reconstruction of the quantum state. We discuss how our scheme
could be straightforwardly extended to the generation of even larger cluster
states, of even higher dimension, thereby expanding the scope and practical
utility of such states for quantum information processing tasks.

### Title: Better Incentives for Proof-of-Work
* Paper ID: 2206.10050v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10050v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10050v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This work proposes a novel proof-of-work blockchain incentive scheme such
that, barring exogenous motivations, following the protocol is guaranteed to be
the optimal strategy for miners. Our blockchain takes the form of a directed
acyclic graph, resulting in improvements with respect to throughput and speed.
  More importantly, for our blockchain to function, it is not expected that the
miners conform to some presupposed protocol in the interest of the system's
operability. Instead, our system works if miners act selfishly, trying to get
the maximum possible rewards, with no consideration for the overall health of
the blockchain.

