### Title: A Survey and Perspective on Artificial Intelligence for Security-Aware Electronic Design Automation
* Paper ID: 2204.09579v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09579v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09579v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) techniques have been
increasingly used in several fields to improve performance and the level of
automation. In recent years, this use has exponentially increased due to the
advancement of high-performance computing and the ever increasing size of data.
One of such fields is that of hardware design; specifically the design of
digital and analog integrated circuits~(ICs), where AI/ ML techniques have been
extensively used to address ever-increasing design complexity, aggressive
time-to-market, and the growing number of ubiquitous interconnected devices
(IoT). However, the security concerns and issues related to IC design have been
highly overlooked. In this paper, we summarize the state-of-the-art in AL/ML
for circuit design/optimization, security and engineering challenges, research
in security-aware CAD/EDA, and future research directions and needs for using
AI/ML for security-aware circuit design.

### Title: Addressing Tactic Volatility in Self-Adaptive Systems Using Evolved Recurrent Neural Networks and Uncertainty Reduction Tactics
* Paper ID: 2204.10308v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Self-adaptive systems frequently use tactics to perform adaptations. Tactic
examples include the implementation of additional security measures when an
intrusion is detected, or activating a cooling mechanism when temperature
thresholds are surpassed. Tactic volatility occurs in real-world systems and is
defined as variable behavior in the attributes of a tactic, such as its latency
or cost. A system's inability to effectively account for tactic volatility
adversely impacts its efficiency and resiliency against the dynamics of
real-world environments. To enable systems' efficiency against tactic
volatility, we propose a Tactic Volatility Aware (TVA-E) process utilizing
evolved Recurrent Neural Networks (eRNN) to provide accurate tactic
predictions. TVA-E is also the first known process to take advantage of
uncertainty reduction tactics to provide additional information to the
decision-making process and reduce uncertainty. TVA-E easily integrates into
popular adaptation processes enabling it to immediately benefit a large number
of existing self-adaptive systems. Simulations using 52,106 tactic records
demonstrate that: I) eRNN is an effective prediction mechanism, II) TVA-E
represents an improvement over existing state-of-the-art processes in
accounting for tactic volatility, and III) Uncertainty reduction tactics are
beneficial in accounting for tactic volatility. The developed dataset and tool
can be found at https://tacticvolatility.github.io/

### Title: LibDB: An Effective and Efficient Framework for Detecting Third-Party Libraries in Binaries
* Paper ID: 2204.10232v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Third-party libraries (TPLs) are reused frequently in software applications
for reducing development cost. However, they could introduce security risks as
well. Many TPL detection methods have been proposed to detect TPL reuse in
Android bytecode or in source code. This paper focuses on detecting TPL reuse
in binary code, which is a more challenging task. For a detection target in
binary form, libraries may be compiled and linked to separate dynamic-link
files or built into a fused binary that contains multiple libraries and
project-specific code. This could result in fewer available code features and
lower the effectiveness of feature engineering. In this paper, we propose a
binary TPL reuse detection framework, LibDB, which can effectively and
efficiently detect imported TPLs even in stripped and fused binaries. In
addition to the basic and coarse-grained features (string literals and exported
function names), LibDB utilizes function contents as a new type of feature. It
embeds all functions in a binary file to low-dimensional representations with a
trained neural network. It further adopts a function call graph-based
comparison method to improve the accuracy of the detection. LibDB is able to
support version identification of TPLs contained in the detection target, which
is not considered by existing detection methods. To evaluate the performance of
LibDB, we construct three datasets for binary-based TPL reuse detection. Our
experimental results show that LibDB is more accurate and efficient than
state-of-the-art tools on the binary TPL detection task and the version
identification task. Our datasets and source code used in this work are
anonymously available at https://github.com/DeepSoftwareAnalytics/LibDB.

### Title: A novel two-party semiquantum key distribution protocol based on GHZ-like states
* Paper ID: 2204.10088v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we propose a novel two-party semiquantum key distribution
(SQKD) protocol by only employing one kind of GHZ-like state. The proposed SQKD
protocol can create a private key shared between one quantum party with
unlimited quantum abilities and one classical party with limited quantum
abilities without the existence of a third party. The proposed SQKD protocol
doesn't need the Hadamard gate or quantum entanglement swapping. Detailed
security analysis turns out that the proposed SQKD protocol can resist various
famous attacks from an outside eavesdropper, such as the Trojan horse attacks,
the entangle-measure attack, the double CNOT attacks, the measure-resend attack
and the intercept-resend attack.

### Title: Is Neuron Coverage Needed to Make Person Detection More Robust?
* Paper ID: 2204.10027v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The growing use of deep neural networks (DNNs) in safety- and
security-critical areas like autonomous driving raises the need for their
systematic testing. Coverage-guided testing (CGT) is an approach that applies
mutation or fuzzing according to a predefined coverage metric to find inputs
that cause misbehavior. With the introduction of a neuron coverage metric, CGT
has also recently been applied to DNNs. In this work, we apply CGT to the task
of person detection in crowded scenes. The proposed pipeline uses YOLOv3 for
person detection and includes finding DNN bugs via sampling and mutation, and
subsequent DNN retraining on the updated training set. To be a bug, we require
a mutated image to cause a significant performance drop compared to a clean
input. In accordance with the CGT, we also consider an additional requirement
of increased coverage in the bug definition. In order to explore several types
of robustness, our approach includes natural image transformations,
corruptions, and adversarial examples generated with the Daedalus attack. The
proposed framework has uncovered several thousand cases of incorrect DNN
behavior. The relative change in mAP performance of the retrained models
reached on average between 26.21\% and 64.24\% for different robustness types.
However, we have found no evidence that the investigated coverage metrics can
be advantageously used to improve robustness.

### Title: Hybrid Cloud-Edge Collaborative Data Anomaly Detection in Industrial Sensor Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09942v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Industrial control systems (ICSs) are facing increasing cyber-physical
attacks that can cause catastrophes in the physical system. Efficient anomaly
detection models in the industrial sensor networks are essential for enhancing
ICS reliability and security, due to the sensor data is related to the
operational state of the ICS. Considering the limited availability of computing
resources, this paper proposes a hybrid anomaly detection approach in
cloud-edge collaboration industrial sensor networks. The hybrid approach
consists of sensor data detection models deployed at the edges and a sensor
data analysis model deployed in the cloud. The sensor data detection model
based on Gaussian and Bayesian algorithms can detect the anomalous sensor data
in real-time and upload them to the cloud for further analysis, filtering the
normal sensor data and reducing traffic load. The sensor data analysis model
based on Graph convolutional network, Residual algorithm and Long short-term
memory network (GCRL) can effectively extract the spatial and temporal features
and then identify the attack precisely. The proposed hybrid anomaly detection
approach is evaluated using a benchmark dataset and baseline anomaly detection
models. The experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve an
overall 11.19% increase in Recall and an impressive 14.29% improvement in
F1-score, compared with the existing models.

### Title: SPIKE: Secure and Private Investigation of the Kidney Exchange problem
* Paper ID: 2204.09937v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: The kidney exchange problem (KEP) addresses the matching of
patients in need for a replacement organ with compatible living donors. Ideally
many medical institutions should participate in a matching program to increase
the chance for successful matches. However, to fulfill legal requirements
current systems use complicated policy-based data protection mechanisms that
effectively exclude smaller medical facilities to participate. Employing secure
multi-party computation (MPC) techniques provides a technical way to satisfy
data protection requirements for highly sensitive personal health information
while simultaneously reducing the regulatory burdens.
  Results: We have designed, implemented, and benchmarked SPIKE, a secure
MPC-based privacy-preserving KEP which computes a solution by finding matching
donor-recipient pairs in a graph structure. SPIKE matches 40 pairs in cycles of
length 2 in less than 4 minutes and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art
protocol by a factor of 400x in runtime while providing medically more robust
solutions.
  Conclusions: We show how to solve the KEP in a robust and privacy-preserving
manner achieving practical performance. The usage of MPC techniques fulfills
many data protection requirements on a technical level, allowing smaller health
care providers to directly participate in a kidney exchange with reduced legal
processes.

### Title: Interstellar detection and chemical modeling of iso-propanol and its normal isomer
* Paper ID: 2204.09912v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The detection of a branched alkyl molecule in the high-mass star forming
protocluster Sgr B2(N) permitted by the advent of ALMA revealed a new dimension
of interstellar chemistry. Astrochemical simulations subsequently predicted
that beyond a certain degree of molecular complexity, branched molecules could
even dominate over their straight-chain isomers. More generally, we aim at
probing further the presence in the ISM of complex organic molecules with the
capacity to exhibit both a normal and iso form, via the attachment of a
functional group to either a primary or secondary carbon atom. We used the
imaging spectral line survey survey ReMoCA performed with ALMA and the results
of a recent spectroscopic study of propanol to search for the iso and normal
isomers of this molecule in the hot molecular core Sgr B2(N2). We expanded the
network of the astrochemical model MAGICKAL to explore the formation routes of
propanol. We report the first interstellar detection of iso-propanol toward a
position of Sgr B2(N2) that shows narrow linewidths. We also report the first
secure detection of normal-propanol in a hot core. i-Propanol is found to be
nearly as abundant as n-propanol, with an abundance ratio of 0.6 similar to the
ratio of 0.4 that we obtained previously for i- and n-propyl cyanide in Sgr
B2(N2). The results are in good agreement with the outcomes of our
astrochemical models, which indicate that OH-radical addition to propylene in
dust-grain ice mantles, driven by water photodissociation, can produce
appropriate quantities of n- and i-propanol. The n-to-i ratio in Sgr B2(N2) may
be a direct inheritance of the branching ratio of this reaction process. The
detection of n- and i-propanol and their ratio indicate that the modest
preference toward the normal form of propyl cyanide determined previously may
be a more general feature among similarly sized interstellar molecules.
[abridged]

### Title: Joint Trajectory Design and User Scheduling of Aerial Cognitive Radio Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09901v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been widely employed to enhance the
end-to-end performance of wireless communications since the links between UAVs
and terrestrial nodes are line-of-sight (LoS) with high probability. However,
the broadcast characteristics of signal propagation in LoS links make it
vulnerable to being wiretapped by malicious eavesdroppers, which poses a
considerable challenge to the security of wireless communications. This paper
investigates the security of aerial cognitive radio networks (CRNs). An
airborne base station transmits confidential messages to secondary users
utilizing the same spectrum as the primary network. An aerial base station
transmits jamming signals to suppress the eavesdropper to enhance secrecy
performance. The uncertainty of eavesdropping node locations is considered, and
the average secrecy rate of the cognitive user is maximized by optimizing
multiple users' scheduling, the UAVs' trajectory, and transmit power. To solve
the non-convex optimization problem with mixed multiple integers variable
problem, we propose an iterative algorithm based on block coordinate descent
and successive convex approximation. Numerical results verify the effectiveness
of our proposed algorithm and demonstrate that our scheme is beneficial to
improving the secrecy performance of aerial CRNs.

### Title: Using SGX for Meta-Transactions Support in Ethereum DApps
* Paper ID: 2204.09864v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Decentralized applications (DApps) gained traction in the context of the
blockchain technology. Ethereum is currently the public blockchain that backs
the largest amount of the existing DApps. Onboarding new users to Ethereum
DApps is a notoriously hard issue to solve. This is mainly caused by lack of
cryptocurrency ownership, needed for transaction fees. Several meta-transaction
patterns emerged for decoupling users from paying these fees. However, such
solutions are mostly offered via off-chain, often paid relayer services and do
not fully address the security issues present in the meta-transaction path. In
this paper, we introduce a new meta-transaction architecture that makes use of
the Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX). Unlike other solutions, our approach
would offer the possibility to deploy a fee-free Ethereum DApp on a web server
that can directly relay meta-transactions to the Ethereum network while having
essential security guarantees integrated by design.

### Title: An Information-theoretical Secured Byzantine-fault Tolerance Consensus in Quantum Key Distribution Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09832v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum key distribution (QKD) networks is expected to provide
information-theoretical secured (ITS) communication over long distances. QKD
networks based trusted relay architecture are now the most widely used scheme
in practice. However, it is an unrealistic assumption that all relays are fully
trustable in complex networks. In the past, only a few studies have
theoretically analyzed the case of passive eavesdropping attack by dishonest
relays and corresponding defense method. However, we have found that active
attacks by dishonest relays can be more threatening. With the consideration of
passive and active attacks, we treat dishonest relays as Byzantine nodes and
analyzes the upper limit of Byzantine nodes that the QKD network can
accommodate. In this paper, we propose an ITS Byzantine-fault tolerance (BFT)
QKD network scheme to achieve end-to-end key distribution based on
point-to-point QKD links. To ensure consistency and provide BFT ability in the
QKD network, we design an ITSBFT-consensus protocol for this network scheme. To
ensure the information-theoretic security of consensus, we design a temporary
signature scheme based on point-to-point QKD link keys. To prevent Byzantine
nodes from disrupting the execution process of key distribution, we design an
end-to-end key distribution scheme combined with consensus. We theoretically
analyze proposed ITSBFT-QKD network scheme from four aspects: QKD key
distribution security, temporary signature security, consensus security, and
leader election fairness. The simulation result proved the feasibility and
demonstrate the performance.

### Title: Block Hunter: Federated Learning for Cyber Threat Hunting in Blockchain-based IIoT Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09829v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, blockchain-based technologies are being developed in various
industries to improve data security. In the context of the Industrial Internet
of Things (IIoT), a chain-based network is one of the most notable applications
of blockchain technology. IIoT devices have become increasingly prevalent in
our digital world, especially in support of developing smart factories.
Although blockchain is a powerful tool, it is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Detecting anomalies in blockchain-based IIoT networks in smart factories is
crucial in protecting networks and systems from unexpected attacks. In this
paper, we use Federated Learning (FL) to build a threat hunting framework
called Block Hunter to automatically hunt for attacks in blockchain-based IIoT
networks. Block Hunter utilizes a cluster-based architecture for anomaly
detection combined with several machine learning models in a federated
environment. To the best of our knowledge, Block Hunter is the first federated
threat hunting model in IIoT networks that identifies anomalous behavior while
preserving privacy. Our results prove the efficiency of the Block Hunter in
detecting anomalous activities with high accuracy and minimum required
bandwidth.

### Title: A Revealing Large-Scale Evaluation of Unsupervised Anomaly Detection Algorithms
* Paper ID: 2204.09825v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Anomaly detection has many applications ranging from bank-fraud detection and
cyber-threat detection to equipment maintenance and health monitoring. However,
choosing a suitable algorithm for a given application remains a challenging
design decision, often informed by the literature on anomaly detection
algorithms. We extensively reviewed twelve of the most popular unsupervised
anomaly detection methods. We observed that, so far, they have been compared
using inconsistent protocols - the choice of the class of interest or the
positive class, the split of training and test data, and the choice of
hyperparameters - leading to ambiguous evaluations. This observation led us to
define a coherent evaluation protocol which we then used to produce an updated
and more precise picture of the relative performance of the twelve methods on
five widely used tabular datasets. While our evaluation cannot pinpoint a
method that outperforms all the others on all datasets, it identifies those
that stand out and revise misconceived knowledge about their relative
performances.

### Title: Addressing Tactic Volatility in Self-Adaptive Systems Using Evolved Recurrent Neural Networks and Uncertainty Reduction Tactics
* Paper ID: 2204.10308v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Self-adaptive systems frequently use tactics to perform adaptations. Tactic
examples include the implementation of additional security measures when an
intrusion is detected, or activating a cooling mechanism when temperature
thresholds are surpassed. Tactic volatility occurs in real-world systems and is
defined as variable behavior in the attributes of a tactic, such as its latency
or cost. A system's inability to effectively account for tactic volatility
adversely impacts its efficiency and resiliency against the dynamics of
real-world environments. To enable systems' efficiency against tactic
volatility, we propose a Tactic Volatility Aware (TVA-E) process utilizing
evolved Recurrent Neural Networks (eRNN) to provide accurate tactic
predictions. TVA-E is also the first known process to take advantage of
uncertainty reduction tactics to provide additional information to the
decision-making process and reduce uncertainty. TVA-E easily integrates into
popular adaptation processes enabling it to immediately benefit a large number
of existing self-adaptive systems. Simulations using 52,106 tactic records
demonstrate that: I) eRNN is an effective prediction mechanism, II) TVA-E
represents an improvement over existing state-of-the-art processes in
accounting for tactic volatility, and III) Uncertainty reduction tactics are
beneficial in accounting for tactic volatility. The developed dataset and tool
can be found at https://tacticvolatility.github.io/

### Title: LibDB: An Effective and Efficient Framework for Detecting Third-Party Libraries in Binaries
* Paper ID: 2204.10232v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: [https://github.com/deepsoftwareanalytics/libdb](https://github.com/deepsoftwareanalytics/libdb)
* Summary: Third-party libraries (TPLs) are reused frequently in software applications
for reducing development cost. However, they could introduce security risks as
well. Many TPL detection methods have been proposed to detect TPL reuse in
Android bytecode or in source code. This paper focuses on detecting TPL reuse
in binary code, which is a more challenging task. For a detection target in
binary form, libraries may be compiled and linked to separate dynamic-link
files or built into a fused binary that contains multiple libraries and
project-specific code. This could result in fewer available code features and
lower the effectiveness of feature engineering. In this paper, we propose a
binary TPL reuse detection framework, LibDB, which can effectively and
efficiently detect imported TPLs even in stripped and fused binaries. In
addition to the basic and coarse-grained features (string literals and exported
function names), LibDB utilizes function contents as a new type of feature. It
embeds all functions in a binary file to low-dimensional representations with a
trained neural network. It further adopts a function call graph-based
comparison method to improve the accuracy of the detection. LibDB is able to
support version identification of TPLs contained in the detection target, which
is not considered by existing detection methods. To evaluate the performance of
LibDB, we construct three datasets for binary-based TPL reuse detection. Our
experimental results show that LibDB is more accurate and efficient than
state-of-the-art tools on the binary TPL detection task and the version
identification task. Our datasets and source code used in this work are
anonymously available at https://github.com/DeepSoftwareAnalytics/LibDB.

### Title: A novel two-party semiquantum key distribution protocol based on GHZ-like states
* Paper ID: 2204.10088v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we propose a novel two-party semiquantum key distribution
(SQKD) protocol by only employing one kind of GHZ-like state. The proposed SQKD
protocol can create a private key shared between one quantum party with
unlimited quantum abilities and one classical party with limited quantum
abilities without the existence of a third party. The proposed SQKD protocol
doesn't need the Hadamard gate or quantum entanglement swapping. Detailed
security analysis turns out that the proposed SQKD protocol can resist various
famous attacks from an outside eavesdropper, such as the Trojan horse attacks,
the entangle-measure attack, the double CNOT attacks, the measure-resend attack
and the intercept-resend attack.

### Title: Is Neuron Coverage Needed to Make Person Detection More Robust?
* Paper ID: 2204.10027v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The growing use of deep neural networks (DNNs) in safety- and
security-critical areas like autonomous driving raises the need for their
systematic testing. Coverage-guided testing (CGT) is an approach that applies
mutation or fuzzing according to a predefined coverage metric to find inputs
that cause misbehavior. With the introduction of a neuron coverage metric, CGT
has also recently been applied to DNNs. In this work, we apply CGT to the task
of person detection in crowded scenes. The proposed pipeline uses YOLOv3 for
person detection and includes finding DNN bugs via sampling and mutation, and
subsequent DNN retraining on the updated training set. To be a bug, we require
a mutated image to cause a significant performance drop compared to a clean
input. In accordance with the CGT, we also consider an additional requirement
of increased coverage in the bug definition. In order to explore several types
of robustness, our approach includes natural image transformations,
corruptions, and adversarial examples generated with the Daedalus attack. The
proposed framework has uncovered several thousand cases of incorrect DNN
behavior. The relative change in mAP performance of the retrained models
reached on average between 26.21\% and 64.24\% for different robustness types.
However, we have found no evidence that the investigated coverage metrics can
be advantageously used to improve robustness.

### Title: Hybrid Cloud-Edge Collaborative Data Anomaly Detection in Industrial Sensor Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09942v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Industrial control systems (ICSs) are facing increasing cyber-physical
attacks that can cause catastrophes in the physical system. Efficient anomaly
detection models in the industrial sensor networks are essential for enhancing
ICS reliability and security, due to the sensor data is related to the
operational state of the ICS. Considering the limited availability of computing
resources, this paper proposes a hybrid anomaly detection approach in
cloud-edge collaboration industrial sensor networks. The hybrid approach
consists of sensor data detection models deployed at the edges and a sensor
data analysis model deployed in the cloud. The sensor data detection model
based on Gaussian and Bayesian algorithms can detect the anomalous sensor data
in real-time and upload them to the cloud for further analysis, filtering the
normal sensor data and reducing traffic load. The sensor data analysis model
based on Graph convolutional network, Residual algorithm and Long short-term
memory network (GCRL) can effectively extract the spatial and temporal features
and then identify the attack precisely. The proposed hybrid anomaly detection
approach is evaluated using a benchmark dataset and baseline anomaly detection
models. The experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve an
overall 11.19% increase in Recall and an impressive 14.29% improvement in
F1-score, compared with the existing models.

### Title: SPIKE: Secure and Private Investigation of the Kidney Exchange problem
* Paper ID: 2204.09937v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: The kidney exchange problem (KEP) addresses the matching of
patients in need for a replacement organ with compatible living donors. Ideally
many medical institutions should participate in a matching program to increase
the chance for successful matches. However, to fulfill legal requirements
current systems use complicated policy-based data protection mechanisms that
effectively exclude smaller medical facilities to participate. Employing secure
multi-party computation (MPC) techniques provides a technical way to satisfy
data protection requirements for highly sensitive personal health information
while simultaneously reducing the regulatory burdens.
  Results: We have designed, implemented, and benchmarked SPIKE, a secure
MPC-based privacy-preserving KEP which computes a solution by finding matching
donor-recipient pairs in a graph structure. SPIKE matches 40 pairs in cycles of
length 2 in less than 4 minutes and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art
protocol by a factor of 400x in runtime while providing medically more robust
solutions.
  Conclusions: We show how to solve the KEP in a robust and privacy-preserving
manner achieving practical performance. The usage of MPC techniques fulfills
many data protection requirements on a technical level, allowing smaller health
care providers to directly participate in a kidney exchange with reduced legal
processes.

### Title: Interstellar detection and chemical modeling of iso-propanol and its normal isomer
* Paper ID: 2204.09912v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The detection of a branched alkyl molecule in the high-mass star forming
protocluster Sgr B2(N) permitted by the advent of ALMA revealed a new dimension
of interstellar chemistry. Astrochemical simulations subsequently predicted
that beyond a certain degree of molecular complexity, branched molecules could
even dominate over their straight-chain isomers. More generally, we aim at
probing further the presence in the ISM of complex organic molecules with the
capacity to exhibit both a normal and iso form, via the attachment of a
functional group to either a primary or secondary carbon atom. We used the
imaging spectral line survey survey ReMoCA performed with ALMA and the results
of a recent spectroscopic study of propanol to search for the iso and normal
isomers of this molecule in the hot molecular core Sgr B2(N2). We expanded the
network of the astrochemical model MAGICKAL to explore the formation routes of
propanol. We report the first interstellar detection of iso-propanol toward a
position of Sgr B2(N2) that shows narrow linewidths. We also report the first
secure detection of normal-propanol in a hot core. i-Propanol is found to be
nearly as abundant as n-propanol, with an abundance ratio of 0.6 similar to the
ratio of 0.4 that we obtained previously for i- and n-propyl cyanide in Sgr
B2(N2). The results are in good agreement with the outcomes of our
astrochemical models, which indicate that OH-radical addition to propylene in
dust-grain ice mantles, driven by water photodissociation, can produce
appropriate quantities of n- and i-propanol. The n-to-i ratio in Sgr B2(N2) may
be a direct inheritance of the branching ratio of this reaction process. The
detection of n- and i-propanol and their ratio indicate that the modest
preference toward the normal form of propyl cyanide determined previously may
be a more general feature among similarly sized interstellar molecules.
[abridged]

### Title: Joint Trajectory Design and User Scheduling of Aerial Cognitive Radio Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09901v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been widely employed to enhance the
end-to-end performance of wireless communications since the links between UAVs
and terrestrial nodes are line-of-sight (LoS) with high probability. However,
the broadcast characteristics of signal propagation in LoS links make it
vulnerable to being wiretapped by malicious eavesdroppers, which poses a
considerable challenge to the security of wireless communications. This paper
investigates the security of aerial cognitive radio networks (CRNs). An
airborne base station transmits confidential messages to secondary users
utilizing the same spectrum as the primary network. An aerial base station
transmits jamming signals to suppress the eavesdropper to enhance secrecy
performance. The uncertainty of eavesdropping node locations is considered, and
the average secrecy rate of the cognitive user is maximized by optimizing
multiple users' scheduling, the UAVs' trajectory, and transmit power. To solve
the non-convex optimization problem with mixed multiple integers variable
problem, we propose an iterative algorithm based on block coordinate descent
and successive convex approximation. Numerical results verify the effectiveness
of our proposed algorithm and demonstrate that our scheme is beneficial to
improving the secrecy performance of aerial CRNs.

### Title: Using SGX for Meta-Transactions Support in Ethereum DApps
* Paper ID: 2204.09864v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Decentralized applications (DApps) gained traction in the context of the
blockchain technology. Ethereum is currently the public blockchain that backs
the largest amount of the existing DApps. Onboarding new users to Ethereum
DApps is a notoriously hard issue to solve. This is mainly caused by lack of
cryptocurrency ownership, needed for transaction fees. Several meta-transaction
patterns emerged for decoupling users from paying these fees. However, such
solutions are mostly offered via off-chain, often paid relayer services and do
not fully address the security issues present in the meta-transaction path. In
this paper, we introduce a new meta-transaction architecture that makes use of
the Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX). Unlike other solutions, our approach
would offer the possibility to deploy a fee-free Ethereum DApp on a web server
that can directly relay meta-transactions to the Ethereum network while having
essential security guarantees integrated by design.

### Title: An Information-theoretical Secured Byzantine-fault Tolerance Consensus in Quantum Key Distribution Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09832v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum key distribution (QKD) networks is expected to provide
information-theoretical secured (ITS) communication over long distances. QKD
networks based trusted relay architecture are now the most widely used scheme
in practice. However, it is an unrealistic assumption that all relays are fully
trustable in complex networks. In the past, only a few studies have
theoretically analyzed the case of passive eavesdropping attack by dishonest
relays and corresponding defense method. However, we have found that active
attacks by dishonest relays can be more threatening. With the consideration of
passive and active attacks, we treat dishonest relays as Byzantine nodes and
analyzes the upper limit of Byzantine nodes that the QKD network can
accommodate. In this paper, we propose an ITS Byzantine-fault tolerance (BFT)
QKD network scheme to achieve end-to-end key distribution based on
point-to-point QKD links. To ensure consistency and provide BFT ability in the
QKD network, we design an ITSBFT-consensus protocol for this network scheme. To
ensure the information-theoretic security of consensus, we design a temporary
signature scheme based on point-to-point QKD link keys. To prevent Byzantine
nodes from disrupting the execution process of key distribution, we design an
end-to-end key distribution scheme combined with consensus. We theoretically
analyze proposed ITSBFT-QKD network scheme from four aspects: QKD key
distribution security, temporary signature security, consensus security, and
leader election fairness. The simulation result proved the feasibility and
demonstrate the performance.

### Title: Block Hunter: Federated Learning for Cyber Threat Hunting in Blockchain-based IIoT Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09829v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, blockchain-based technologies are being developed in various
industries to improve data security. In the context of the Industrial Internet
of Things (IIoT), a chain-based network is one of the most notable applications
of blockchain technology. IIoT devices have become increasingly prevalent in
our digital world, especially in support of developing smart factories.
Although blockchain is a powerful tool, it is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Detecting anomalies in blockchain-based IIoT networks in smart factories is
crucial in protecting networks and systems from unexpected attacks. In this
paper, we use Federated Learning (FL) to build a threat hunting framework
called Block Hunter to automatically hunt for attacks in blockchain-based IIoT
networks. Block Hunter utilizes a cluster-based architecture for anomaly
detection combined with several machine learning models in a federated
environment. To the best of our knowledge, Block Hunter is the first federated
threat hunting model in IIoT networks that identifies anomalous behavior while
preserving privacy. Our results prove the efficiency of the Block Hunter in
detecting anomalous activities with high accuracy and minimum required
bandwidth.

### Title: A Revealing Large-Scale Evaluation of Unsupervised Anomaly Detection Algorithms
* Paper ID: 2204.09825v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: [https://github.com/ireydiak/anomaly_detection_nrcan](https://github.com/ireydiak/anomaly_detection_nrcan)
* Summary: Anomaly detection has many applications ranging from bank-fraud detection and
cyber-threat detection to equipment maintenance and health monitoring. However,
choosing a suitable algorithm for a given application remains a challenging
design decision, often informed by the literature on anomaly detection
algorithms. We extensively reviewed twelve of the most popular unsupervised
anomaly detection methods. We observed that, so far, they have been compared
using inconsistent protocols - the choice of the class of interest or the
positive class, the split of training and test data, and the choice of
hyperparameters - leading to ambiguous evaluations. This observation led us to
define a coherent evaluation protocol which we then used to produce an updated
and more precise picture of the relative performance of the twelve methods on
five widely used tabular datasets. While our evaluation cannot pinpoint a
method that outperforms all the others on all datasets, it identifies those
that stand out and revise misconceived knowledge about their relative
performances.

### Title: In Private, Secure, Conversational FinBots We Trust
* Paper ID: 2204.10344v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10344v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10344v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In the past decade, the financial industry has experienced a technology
revolution. While we witness a rapid introduction of conversational bots for
financial services, there is a lack of understanding of conversational user
interfaces (CUI) features in this domain. The finance industry also deals with
highly sensitive information and monetary transactions, presenting a challenge
for developers and financial providers. Through a study on how to design
text-based conversational financial interfaces with N=410 participants, we
outline user requirements of trustworthy CUI design for financial bots. We
posit that, in the context of Finance, bot privacy and security assurances
outweigh conversational capability and postulate implications of these
findings. This work acts as a resource on how to design trustworthy FinBots and
demonstrates how automated financial advisors can be transformed into trusted
everyday devices, capable of supporting users' daily financial activities.

### Title: Addressing Tactic Volatility in Self-Adaptive Systems Using Evolved Recurrent Neural Networks and Uncertainty Reduction Tactics
* Paper ID: 2204.10308v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10308v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Self-adaptive systems frequently use tactics to perform adaptations. Tactic
examples include the implementation of additional security measures when an
intrusion is detected, or activating a cooling mechanism when temperature
thresholds are surpassed. Tactic volatility occurs in real-world systems and is
defined as variable behavior in the attributes of a tactic, such as its latency
or cost. A system's inability to effectively account for tactic volatility
adversely impacts its efficiency and resiliency against the dynamics of
real-world environments. To enable systems' efficiency against tactic
volatility, we propose a Tactic Volatility Aware (TVA-E) process utilizing
evolved Recurrent Neural Networks (eRNN) to provide accurate tactic
predictions. TVA-E is also the first known process to take advantage of
uncertainty reduction tactics to provide additional information to the
decision-making process and reduce uncertainty. TVA-E easily integrates into
popular adaptation processes enabling it to immediately benefit a large number
of existing self-adaptive systems. Simulations using 52,106 tactic records
demonstrate that: I) eRNN is an effective prediction mechanism, II) TVA-E
represents an improvement over existing state-of-the-art processes in
accounting for tactic volatility, and III) Uncertainty reduction tactics are
beneficial in accounting for tactic volatility. The developed dataset and tool
can be found at https://tacticvolatility.github.io/

### Title: LibDB: An Effective and Efficient Framework for Detecting Third-Party Libraries in Binaries
* Paper ID: 2204.10232v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10232v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: [https://github.com/deepsoftwareanalytics/libdb](https://github.com/deepsoftwareanalytics/libdb)
* Summary: Third-party libraries (TPLs) are reused frequently in software applications
for reducing development cost. However, they could introduce security risks as
well. Many TPL detection methods have been proposed to detect TPL reuse in
Android bytecode or in source code. This paper focuses on detecting TPL reuse
in binary code, which is a more challenging task. For a detection target in
binary form, libraries may be compiled and linked to separate dynamic-link
files or built into a fused binary that contains multiple libraries and
project-specific code. This could result in fewer available code features and
lower the effectiveness of feature engineering. In this paper, we propose a
binary TPL reuse detection framework, LibDB, which can effectively and
efficiently detect imported TPLs even in stripped and fused binaries. In
addition to the basic and coarse-grained features (string literals and exported
function names), LibDB utilizes function contents as a new type of feature. It
embeds all functions in a binary file to low-dimensional representations with a
trained neural network. It further adopts a function call graph-based
comparison method to improve the accuracy of the detection. LibDB is able to
support version identification of TPLs contained in the detection target, which
is not considered by existing detection methods. To evaluate the performance of
LibDB, we construct three datasets for binary-based TPL reuse detection. Our
experimental results show that LibDB is more accurate and efficient than
state-of-the-art tools on the binary TPL detection task and the version
identification task. Our datasets and source code used in this work are
anonymously available at https://github.com/DeepSoftwareAnalytics/LibDB.

### Title: A novel two-party semiquantum key distribution protocol based on GHZ-like states
* Paper ID: 2204.10088v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10088v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we propose a novel two-party semiquantum key distribution
(SQKD) protocol by only employing one kind of GHZ-like state. The proposed SQKD
protocol can create a private key shared between one quantum party with
unlimited quantum abilities and one classical party with limited quantum
abilities without the existence of a third party. The proposed SQKD protocol
doesn't need the Hadamard gate or quantum entanglement swapping. Detailed
security analysis turns out that the proposed SQKD protocol can resist various
famous attacks from an outside eavesdropper, such as the Trojan horse attacks,
the entangle-measure attack, the double CNOT attacks, the measure-resend attack
and the intercept-resend attack.

### Title: Is Neuron Coverage Needed to Make Person Detection More Robust?
* Paper ID: 2204.10027v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10027v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The growing use of deep neural networks (DNNs) in safety- and
security-critical areas like autonomous driving raises the need for their
systematic testing. Coverage-guided testing (CGT) is an approach that applies
mutation or fuzzing according to a predefined coverage metric to find inputs
that cause misbehavior. With the introduction of a neuron coverage metric, CGT
has also recently been applied to DNNs. In this work, we apply CGT to the task
of person detection in crowded scenes. The proposed pipeline uses YOLOv3 for
person detection and includes finding DNN bugs via sampling and mutation, and
subsequent DNN retraining on the updated training set. To be a bug, we require
a mutated image to cause a significant performance drop compared to a clean
input. In accordance with the CGT, we also consider an additional requirement
of increased coverage in the bug definition. In order to explore several types
of robustness, our approach includes natural image transformations,
corruptions, and adversarial examples generated with the Daedalus attack. The
proposed framework has uncovered several thousand cases of incorrect DNN
behavior. The relative change in mAP performance of the retrained models
reached on average between 26.21\% and 64.24\% for different robustness types.
However, we have found no evidence that the investigated coverage metrics can
be advantageously used to improve robustness.

### Title: Hybrid Cloud-Edge Collaborative Data Anomaly Detection in Industrial Sensor Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09942v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09942v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Industrial control systems (ICSs) are facing increasing cyber-physical
attacks that can cause catastrophes in the physical system. Efficient anomaly
detection models in the industrial sensor networks are essential for enhancing
ICS reliability and security, due to the sensor data is related to the
operational state of the ICS. Considering the limited availability of computing
resources, this paper proposes a hybrid anomaly detection approach in
cloud-edge collaboration industrial sensor networks. The hybrid approach
consists of sensor data detection models deployed at the edges and a sensor
data analysis model deployed in the cloud. The sensor data detection model
based on Gaussian and Bayesian algorithms can detect the anomalous sensor data
in real-time and upload them to the cloud for further analysis, filtering the
normal sensor data and reducing traffic load. The sensor data analysis model
based on Graph convolutional network, Residual algorithm and Long short-term
memory network (GCRL) can effectively extract the spatial and temporal features
and then identify the attack precisely. The proposed hybrid anomaly detection
approach is evaluated using a benchmark dataset and baseline anomaly detection
models. The experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve an
overall 11.19% increase in Recall and an impressive 14.29% improvement in
F1-score, compared with the existing models.

### Title: SPIKE: Secure and Private Investigation of the Kidney Exchange problem
* Paper ID: 2204.09937v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: The kidney exchange problem (KEP) addresses the matching of
patients in need for a replacement organ with compatible living donors. Ideally
many medical institutions should participate in a matching program to increase
the chance for successful matches. However, to fulfill legal requirements
current systems use complicated policy-based data protection mechanisms that
effectively exclude smaller medical facilities to participate. Employing secure
multi-party computation (MPC) techniques provides a technical way to satisfy
data protection requirements for highly sensitive personal health information
while simultaneously reducing the regulatory burdens.
  Results: We have designed, implemented, and benchmarked SPIKE, a secure
MPC-based privacy-preserving KEP which computes a solution by finding matching
donor-recipient pairs in a graph structure. SPIKE matches 40 pairs in cycles of
length 2 in less than 4 minutes and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art
protocol by a factor of 400x in runtime while providing medically more robust
solutions.
  Conclusions: We show how to solve the KEP in a robust and privacy-preserving
manner achieving practical performance. The usage of MPC techniques fulfills
many data protection requirements on a technical level, allowing smaller health
care providers to directly participate in a kidney exchange with reduced legal
processes.

### Title: Interstellar detection and chemical modeling of iso-propanol and its normal isomer
* Paper ID: 2204.09912v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09912v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The detection of a branched alkyl molecule in the high-mass star forming
protocluster Sgr B2(N) permitted by the advent of ALMA revealed a new dimension
of interstellar chemistry. Astrochemical simulations subsequently predicted
that beyond a certain degree of molecular complexity, branched molecules could
even dominate over their straight-chain isomers. More generally, we aim at
probing further the presence in the ISM of complex organic molecules with the
capacity to exhibit both a normal and iso form, via the attachment of a
functional group to either a primary or secondary carbon atom. We used the
imaging spectral line survey survey ReMoCA performed with ALMA and the results
of a recent spectroscopic study of propanol to search for the iso and normal
isomers of this molecule in the hot molecular core Sgr B2(N2). We expanded the
network of the astrochemical model MAGICKAL to explore the formation routes of
propanol. We report the first interstellar detection of iso-propanol toward a
position of Sgr B2(N2) that shows narrow linewidths. We also report the first
secure detection of normal-propanol in a hot core. i-Propanol is found to be
nearly as abundant as n-propanol, with an abundance ratio of 0.6 similar to the
ratio of 0.4 that we obtained previously for i- and n-propyl cyanide in Sgr
B2(N2). The results are in good agreement with the outcomes of our
astrochemical models, which indicate that OH-radical addition to propylene in
dust-grain ice mantles, driven by water photodissociation, can produce
appropriate quantities of n- and i-propanol. The n-to-i ratio in Sgr B2(N2) may
be a direct inheritance of the branching ratio of this reaction process. The
detection of n- and i-propanol and their ratio indicate that the modest
preference toward the normal form of propyl cyanide determined previously may
be a more general feature among similarly sized interstellar molecules.
[abridged]

### Title: Joint Trajectory Design and User Scheduling of Aerial Cognitive Radio Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09901v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09901v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have been widely employed to enhance the
end-to-end performance of wireless communications since the links between UAVs
and terrestrial nodes are line-of-sight (LoS) with high probability. However,
the broadcast characteristics of signal propagation in LoS links make it
vulnerable to being wiretapped by malicious eavesdroppers, which poses a
considerable challenge to the security of wireless communications. This paper
investigates the security of aerial cognitive radio networks (CRNs). An
airborne base station transmits confidential messages to secondary users
utilizing the same spectrum as the primary network. An aerial base station
transmits jamming signals to suppress the eavesdropper to enhance secrecy
performance. The uncertainty of eavesdropping node locations is considered, and
the average secrecy rate of the cognitive user is maximized by optimizing
multiple users' scheduling, the UAVs' trajectory, and transmit power. To solve
the non-convex optimization problem with mixed multiple integers variable
problem, we propose an iterative algorithm based on block coordinate descent
and successive convex approximation. Numerical results verify the effectiveness
of our proposed algorithm and demonstrate that our scheme is beneficial to
improving the secrecy performance of aerial CRNs.

### Title: Using SGX for Meta-Transactions Support in Ethereum DApps
* Paper ID: 2204.09864v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09864v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Decentralized applications (DApps) gained traction in the context of the
blockchain technology. Ethereum is currently the public blockchain that backs
the largest amount of the existing DApps. Onboarding new users to Ethereum
DApps is a notoriously hard issue to solve. This is mainly caused by lack of
cryptocurrency ownership, needed for transaction fees. Several meta-transaction
patterns emerged for decoupling users from paying these fees. However, such
solutions are mostly offered via off-chain, often paid relayer services and do
not fully address the security issues present in the meta-transaction path. In
this paper, we introduce a new meta-transaction architecture that makes use of
the Intel Software Guard Extensions (SGX). Unlike other solutions, our approach
would offer the possibility to deploy a fee-free Ethereum DApp on a web server
that can directly relay meta-transactions to the Ethereum network while having
essential security guarantees integrated by design.

### Title: An Information-theoretical Secured Byzantine-fault Tolerance Consensus in Quantum Key Distribution Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09832v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09832v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum key distribution (QKD) networks is expected to provide
information-theoretical secured (ITS) communication over long distances. QKD
networks based trusted relay architecture are now the most widely used scheme
in practice. However, it is an unrealistic assumption that all relays are fully
trustable in complex networks. In the past, only a few studies have
theoretically analyzed the case of passive eavesdropping attack by dishonest
relays and corresponding defense method. However, we have found that active
attacks by dishonest relays can be more threatening. With the consideration of
passive and active attacks, we treat dishonest relays as Byzantine nodes and
analyzes the upper limit of Byzantine nodes that the QKD network can
accommodate. In this paper, we propose an ITS Byzantine-fault tolerance (BFT)
QKD network scheme to achieve end-to-end key distribution based on
point-to-point QKD links. To ensure consistency and provide BFT ability in the
QKD network, we design an ITSBFT-consensus protocol for this network scheme. To
ensure the information-theoretic security of consensus, we design a temporary
signature scheme based on point-to-point QKD link keys. To prevent Byzantine
nodes from disrupting the execution process of key distribution, we design an
end-to-end key distribution scheme combined with consensus. We theoretically
analyze proposed ITSBFT-QKD network scheme from four aspects: QKD key
distribution security, temporary signature security, consensus security, and
leader election fairness. The simulation result proved the feasibility and
demonstrate the performance.

### Title: Block Hunter: Federated Learning for Cyber Threat Hunting in Blockchain-based IIoT Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09829v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, blockchain-based technologies are being developed in various
industries to improve data security. In the context of the Industrial Internet
of Things (IIoT), a chain-based network is one of the most notable applications
of blockchain technology. IIoT devices have become increasingly prevalent in
our digital world, especially in support of developing smart factories.
Although blockchain is a powerful tool, it is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Detecting anomalies in blockchain-based IIoT networks in smart factories is
crucial in protecting networks and systems from unexpected attacks. In this
paper, we use Federated Learning (FL) to build a threat hunting framework
called Block Hunter to automatically hunt for attacks in blockchain-based IIoT
networks. Block Hunter utilizes a cluster-based architecture for anomaly
detection combined with several machine learning models in a federated
environment. To the best of our knowledge, Block Hunter is the first federated
threat hunting model in IIoT networks that identifies anomalous behavior while
preserving privacy. Our results prove the efficiency of the Block Hunter in
detecting anomalous activities with high accuracy and minimum required
bandwidth.

### Title: A Revealing Large-Scale Evaluation of Unsupervised Anomaly Detection Algorithms
* Paper ID: 2204.09825v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09825v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: [https://github.com/ireydiak/anomaly_detection_nrcan](https://github.com/ireydiak/anomaly_detection_nrcan)
* Summary: Anomaly detection has many applications ranging from bank-fraud detection and
cyber-threat detection to equipment maintenance and health monitoring. However,
choosing a suitable algorithm for a given application remains a challenging
design decision, often informed by the literature on anomaly detection
algorithms. We extensively reviewed twelve of the most popular unsupervised
anomaly detection methods. We observed that, so far, they have been compared
using inconsistent protocols - the choice of the class of interest or the
positive class, the split of training and test data, and the choice of
hyperparameters - leading to ambiguous evaluations. This observation led us to
define a coherent evaluation protocol which we then used to produce an updated
and more precise picture of the relative performance of the twelve methods on
five widely used tabular datasets. While our evaluation cannot pinpoint a
method that outperforms all the others on all datasets, it identifies those
that stand out and revise misconceived knowledge about their relative
performances.

