### Title: Enhancing the STIX Representation of MITRE ATT&CK for Group Filtering and Technique Prioritization
* Paper ID: 2204.11368v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11368v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11368v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we enhance the machine-readable representation of the ATT&CK
Groups knowledge base provided by MITRE in STIX 2.1 format to make available
and queryable additional types of contextual information. Such information
includes the motivations of activity groups, the countries they have originated
from, and the sectors and countries they have targeted. We demonstrate how to
utilize the enhanced model to construct intelligible queries to filter activity
groups of interest and retrieve relevant tactical intelligence.

### Title: Information Theoretic Secure Aggregation with Uncoded Groupwise Keys
* Paper ID: 2204.11364v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11364v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11364v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Secure aggregation, which is a core component of federated learning,
aggregates locally trained models from distributed users at a central server.
The "secure" nature of such aggregation consists of the fact that no
information about the local users' data must be leaked to the server except the
aggregated local models. In order to guarantee security, some keys may be
shared among the users (this is referred to as the key sharing phase). After
the key sharing phase, each user masks its trained model which is then sent to
the server (this is referred to as the model aggregation phase). This paper
follows the information theoretic secure aggregation problem originally
formulated by Zhao and Sun, with the objective to characterize the minimum
communication cost from the $K$ users in the model aggregation phase. Due to
user dropouts, the server may not receive all messages from the users. A secure
aggregation schemes should tolerate the dropouts of at most $K-U$ users, where
$U$ is a system parameter. The optimal communication cost is characterized by
Zhao and Sun, but with the assumption that the keys stored by the users could
be any random variables with arbitrary dependency. On the motivation that
uncoded groupwise keys are more convenient to be shared and could be used in
large range of applications besides federated learning, in this paper we add
one constraint into the above problem, that the key variables are mutually
independent and each key is shared by a group of at most $S$ users, where $S$
is another system parameter. To the best of our knowledge, all existing secure
aggregation schemes assign coded keys to the users. We show that if $S > K -
U$, a new secure aggregation scheme with uncoded groupwise keys can achieve the
same optimal communication cost as the best scheme with coded keys; if $S \leq
K - U$, uncoded groupwise key sharing is strictly sub-optimal.

### Title: Improving Deep Learning Model Robustness Against Adversarial Attack by Increasing the Network Capacity
* Paper ID: 2204.11357v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11357v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11357v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, we are more and more reliant on Deep Learning (DL) models and thus
it is essential to safeguard the security of these systems. This paper explores
the security issues in Deep Learning and analyses, through the use of
experiments, the way forward to build more resilient models. Experiments are
conducted to identify the strengths and weaknesses of a new approach to improve
the robustness of DL models against adversarial attacks. The results show
improvements and new ideas that can be used as recommendations for researchers
and practitioners to create increasingly better DL algorithms.

### Title: Learning to Attack Powergrids with DERs
* Paper ID: 2204.11352v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11352v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11352v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: [https://gitlab.com/Niwen/attack-paper](https://gitlab.com/Niwen/attack-paper)
* Summary: In the past years, power grids have become a valuable target for
cyber-attacks. Especially the attacks on the Ukrainian power grid has sparked
numerous research into possible attack vectors, their extent, and possible
mitigations. However, many fail to consider realistic scenarios in which time
series are incorporated into simulations to reflect the transient behaviour of
independent generators and consumers. Moreover, very few consider the limited
sensory input of a potential attacker. In this paper, we describe a reactive
power attack based on a well-understood scenario. We show that independent
agents can learn to use the dynamics of the power grid against it and that the
attack works even in the face of other generator and consumer nodes acting
independently.

### Title: Applying Digital Twins in Metaverse: User Interface, Security and Privacy Challenges
* Paper ID: 2204.11343v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11343v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11343v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Digital Twins (DTs) are a conventional and well-known concept, proposed in
70s, that are popular in a broad spectrum of sciences, industry innovations,
and consortium alliances. However, in the last few years, the growth of digital
assets and online communications has attracted attention to DTs as highly
accurate twins of physical objects. Metaverse, as a digital world, is a concept
proposed in 1992 and has also become a popular paradigm and hot topic in public
where DTs can play critical roles. This study first presents definitions,
applications, and general challenges of DT and Metaverse. It then offers a
three-layer architecture linking the physical world to the Metaverse through a
user interface. Further, it investigates the security and privacy challenges of
using DTs in Metaverse. Finally, a conclusion, including possible solutions for
mentioned challenges and future works, will be provided.

### Title: Hardware Acceleration for Third-Generation FHE and PSI Based on It
* Paper ID: 2204.11334v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11334v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11334v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the expansion of cloud services, serious concerns about the privacy of
users' data arise due to the exposure of the unencrypted data to the server
during computation. Various security primitives are under investigation to
preserve privacy while evaluating private data, including Fully Homomorphic
Encryption (FHE), Private Set Intersection (PSI), and others. However, the
prohibitive processing time of these primitives hinders their practical
applications. This work proposes and implements an architecture for
accelerating third-generation FHE with Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud FPGAs,
marking the first hardware acceleration solution for third-generation FHE. We
also introduce a novel unbalanced PSI protocol based on third-generation FHE,
optimized for the proposed hardware architecture. Several
algorithm-architecture co-optimization techniques are introduced to allow the
communication and computation costs to be independent of the Sender's set size.
The measurement results show that the proposed accelerator achieves $>21\times$
performance improvement compared to a software implementation for various
crucial subroutines of third-generation FHE and the proposed PSI.

### Title: A Comprehensive Test Pattern Generation Approach Exploiting SAT Attack for Logic Locking
* Paper ID: 2204.11307v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11307v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11307v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The need for reducing manufacturing defect escape in today's safety-critical
applications requires increased fault coverage. However, generating a test set
using commercial automatic test pattern generation (ATPG) tools that lead to
zero-defect escape is still an open problem. It is challenging to detect all
stuck-at faults to reach 100% fault coverage. In parallel, the hardware
security community has been actively involved in developing solutions for logic
locking to prevent IP piracy. Locks (e.g., XOR gates) are inserted in different
locations of the netlist so that an adversary cannot determine the secret key.
Unfortunately, the Boolean satisfiability (SAT) based attack, introduced in
[1], can break different logic locking schemes in minutes. In this paper, we
propose a novel test pattern generation approach using the powerful SAT attack
on logic locking. A stuck-at fault is modeled as a locked gate with a secret
key. Our modeling of stuck-at faults preserves the property of fault activation
and propagation. We show that the input pattern that determines the key is a
test for the stuck-at fault. We propose two different approaches for test
pattern generation. First, a single stuck-at fault is targeted, and a
corresponding locked circuit with one key bit is created. This approach
generates one test pattern per fault. Second, we consider a group of faults and
convert the circuit to its locked version with multiple key bits. The inputs
obtained from the SAT tool are the test set for detecting this group of faults.
Our approach is able to find test patterns for hard-to-detect faults that were
previously failed in commercial ATPG tools. The proposed test pattern
generation approach can efficiently detect redundant faults present in a
circuit. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach on ITC'99 benchmarks.
The results show that we can achieve a perfect fault coverage reaching 100%.

### Title: Dictionary Attacks on Speaker Verification
* Paper ID: 2204.11304v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11304v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11304v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we propose dictionary attacks against speaker verification - a
novel attack vector that aims to match a large fraction of speaker population
by chance. We introduce a generic formulation of the attack that can be used
with various speech representations and threat models. The attacker uses
adversarial optimization to maximize raw similarity of speaker embeddings
between a seed speech sample and a proxy population. The resulting master voice
successfully matches a non-trivial fraction of people in an unknown population.
Adversarial waveforms obtained with our approach can match on average 69% of
females and 38% of males enrolled in the target system at a strict decision
threshold calibrated to yield false alarm rate of 1%. By using the attack with
a black-box voice cloning system, we obtain master voices that are effective in
the most challenging conditions and transferable between speaker encoders. We
also show that, combined with multiple attempts, this attack opens even more to
serious issues on the security of these systems.

### Title: Exploring Security Practices of Smart Contract Developers
* Paper ID: 2204.11193v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11193v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11193v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Smart contracts are self-executing programs that run on blockchains (e.g.,
Ethereum). 680 million US dollars worth of digital assets controlled by smart
contracts have been hacked or stolen due to various security vulnerabilities in
2021. Although security is a fundamental concern for smart contracts, it is
unclear how smart contract developers approach security. To help fill this
research gap, we conducted an exploratory qualitative study consisting of a
semi-structured interview and a code review task with 29 smart contract
developers with diverse backgrounds, including 10 early stage (less than one
year of experience) and 19 experienced (2-5 years of experience) smart contract
developers.
  Our findings show a wide range of smart contract security perceptions and
practices including various tools and resources they used. Our early-stage
developer participants had a much lower success rate (15%) of identifying
security vulnerabilities in the code review task than their experienced
counterparts (55%). Our hierarchical task analysis of their code reviews
implies that just by accessing standard documentation, reference
implementations and security tools is not sufficient. Many developers checked
those materials or used a security tool but still failed to identify the
security issues. In addition, several participants pointed out shortcomings of
current smart contract security tooling such as its usability. We discuss how
future education and tools could better support developers in ensuring smart
contract security.

### Title: Generalized Lagrange Coded Computing: A Flexible Computation-Communication Tradeoff
* Paper ID: 2204.11168v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11168v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11168v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-24
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We consider the problem of evaluating arbitrary multivariate polynomials over
a massive dataset, in a distributed computing system with a master node and
multiple worker nodes. Generalized Lagrange Coded Computing (GLCC) codes are
proposed to provide robustness against stragglers who do not return computation
results in time, adversarial workers who deliberately modify results for their
benefit, and information-theoretic security of the dataset amidst possible
collusion of workers. GLCC codes are constructed by first partitioning the
dataset into multiple groups, and then encoding the dataset using carefully
designed interpolation polynomials, such that interference computation results
across groups can be eliminated at the master. Particularly, GLCC codes include
the state-of-the-art Lagrange Coded Computing (LCC) codes as a special case,
and achieve a more flexible tradeoff between communication and computation
overheads in optimizing system efficiency.

