### Title: Privacy-Preserving Cloud Computing: Ecosystem, Life Cycle, Layered Architecture and Future Roadmap
* Paper ID: 2204.11120v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11120v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11120v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Privacy-Preserving Cloud Computing is an emerging technology with many
applications in various fields. Cloud computing is important because it allows
for scalability, adaptability, and improved security. Likewise, privacy in
cloud computing is important because it ensures that the integrity of data
stored on the cloud maintains intact. This survey paper on privacy-preserving
cloud computing can help pave the way for future research in related areas.
This paper helps to identify existing trends by establishing a layered
architecture along with a life cycle and an ecosystem for privacy-preserving
cloud systems in addition to identifying the existing trends in research on
this area.

### Title: EdgeKeeper: Resilient and Lightweight Coordination for Mobile Edge Computing Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.11095v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11095v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11095v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) has been gaining significant interest from first
responders and tactical teams, primarily because they can employ handheld
mobile devices to form a computing cluster (for computing tasks like face/scene
recognition, virtual assistance) when connectivity to the cloud is not present
or it is limited. High user mobility in first responder or tactical
environments makes MEC challenging, as wireless links observe substantial
fluctuations. Typical cloud-based coordination (e.g., ZooKeeper-based service
discovery and coordination, device naming, security) needed by edge computing
tasks cannot work in these environments. Driven by the need for a resilient and
lightweight coordination service, in this paper, we design and implement \ek to
provide cloud-like coordination for MEC systems. It provides naming, network
management, application coordination, and security to distributed edge
computing applications. It maintains an edge cluster among devices and
intelligently stores its data on a group of replicas to guard against node
failure and disconnections. We provide a full-system implementation of
EdgeKeeper for Android and Linux platforms. We have integrated EdgeKeeper with
existing MEC applications and performed real-world performance evaluations in a
wide-area search and rescue operation conducted by first responders, which
proves it to be lightweight and suitable for mobile devices.

### Title: Turning the Hunted into the Hunter via Threat Hunting: Life Cycle, Ecosystem, Challenges and the Great Promise of AI
* Paper ID: 2204.11076v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11076v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11076v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The threat hunting lifecycle is a complex atmosphere that requires special
attention from professionals to maintain security. This paper is a collection
of recent work that gives a holistic view of the threat hunting ecosystem,
identifies challenges, and discusses the future with the integration of
artificial intelligence (AI). We specifically establish a life cycle and
ecosystem for privacy-threat hunting in addition to identifying the related
challenges. We also discovered how critical the use of AI is in threat hunting.
This work paves the way for future work in this area as it provides the
foundational knowledge to make meaningful advancements for threat hunting.

### Title: Smart App Attack: Hacking Deep Learning Models in Android Apps
* Paper ID: 2204.11075v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11075v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11075v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: [https://github.com/jinxhy/smartappattack](https://github.com/jinxhy/smartappattack)
* Summary: On-device deep learning is rapidly gaining popularity in mobile applications.
Compared to offloading deep learning from smartphones to the cloud, on-device
deep learning enables offline model inference while preserving user privacy.
However, such mechanisms inevitably store models on users' smartphones and may
invite adversarial attacks as they are accessible to attackers. Due to the
characteristic of the on-device model, most existing adversarial attacks cannot
be directly applied for on-device models. In this paper, we introduce a
grey-box adversarial attack framework to hack on-device models by crafting
highly similar binary classification models based on identified transfer
learning approaches and pre-trained models from TensorFlow Hub. We evaluate the
attack effectiveness and generality in terms of four different settings
including pre-trained models, datasets, transfer learning approaches and
adversarial attack algorithms. The results demonstrate that the proposed
attacks remain effective regardless of different settings, and significantly
outperform state-of-the-art baselines. We further conduct an empirical study on
real-world deep learning mobile apps collected from Google Play. Among 53 apps
adopting transfer learning, we find that 71.7\% of them can be successfully
attacked, which includes popular ones in medicine, automation, and finance
categories with critical usage scenarios. The results call for the awareness
and actions of deep learning mobile app developers to secure the on-device
models. The code of this work is available at
https://github.com/Jinxhy/SmartAppAttack

### Title: Kyle's Model with Stochastic Liquidity
* Paper ID: 2204.11069v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11069v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11069v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We construct an equilibrium for the continuous time Kyle's model with
stochastic liquidity, a general distribution of the fundamental price, and
correlated stock and volatility dynamics. For distributions with positive
support, our equilibrium allows us to study the impact of the stochastic
volatility of noise trading on the volatility of the asset. In particular, when
the fundamental price is log-normally distributed, informed trading forces the
log-return up to maturity to be Gaussian for any choice of noise-trading
volatility even though the price process itself comes with stochastic
volatility. Surprisingly, we find that in equilibrium both Kyle's Lambda and
its inverse (the market depth) are submartingales.

### Title: MLP-Hash: Protecting Face Templates via Hashing of Randomized Multi-Layer Perceptron
* Paper ID: 2204.11054v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Applications of face recognition systems for authentication purposes are
growing rapidly. Although state-of-the-art (SOTA) face recognition systems have
high recognition performance, the features which are extracted for each user
and are stored in the system's database contain privacy-sensitive information.
Accordingly, compromising this data would jeopardize users' privacy. In this
paper, we propose a new cancelable template protection method, dubbed MLP-hash,
which generates protected templates by passing the extracted features through a
user-specific randomly-weighted multi-layer perceptron (MLP) and binarizing the
MLP output. We evaluated the unlinkability, irreversibility, and recognition
performance of our proposed biometric template protection method to fulfill the
ISO/IEC 30136 standard requirements. Our experiments with SOTA face recognition
systems on the MOBIO and LFW datasets show that our method has competitive
performance with the BioHashing and IoM Hashing (IoM-GRP and IoM-URP) template
protection algorithms. We provide an open-source implementation of all the
experiments presented in this paper so that other researchers can verify our
findings and build upon our work.

### Title: Anisotropic terahertz optostriction in group-IV monochalcogenide compounds
* Paper ID: 2204.11029v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11029v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11029v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Terahertz (THz) technology is a cutting-edge scheme with various promising
applications, such as next generation telecommunication, non-destructive
evaluation, security check, and in-depth characterization, owing to their
sensitivity to material geometric change and good transparency. Even though
tremendous progresses have been made during the past decade, exploration the
mechanisms of THz-matter interaction microscopically is still in its infancy.
In this work, we use thermodynamic theory to show how THz illumination deforms
materials and use group-IV monochalcogenide compounds to illustrate it.
According to our first-principles density functional theory calculations, THz
light with intermediate intensity (~109 W/cm2) could yield elastic deformations
on the order of ~0.1%, depending on laser polarization direction. Large
anisotropic opto-mechanical responses are also revealed. Finally, we show that
such strain can be detected via measuring the layer-resolved shift current
under a probe light irradiation.

### Title: Towards Data-Free Model Stealing in a Hard Label Setting
* Paper ID: 2204.11022v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11022v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11022v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine learning models deployed as a service (MLaaS) are susceptible to
model stealing attacks, where an adversary attempts to steal the model within a
restricted access framework. While existing attacks demonstrate near-perfect
clone-model performance using softmax predictions of the classification
network, most of the APIs allow access to only the top-1 labels. In this work,
we show that it is indeed possible to steal Machine Learning models by
accessing only top-1 predictions (Hard Label setting) as well, without access
to model gradients (Black-Box setting) or even the training dataset (Data-Free
setting) within a low query budget. We propose a novel GAN-based framework that
trains the student and generator in tandem to steal the model effectively while
overcoming the challenge of the hard label setting by utilizing gradients of
the clone network as a proxy to the victim's gradients. We propose to overcome
the large query costs associated with a typical Data-Free setting by utilizing
publicly available (potentially unrelated) datasets as a weak image prior. We
additionally show that even in the absence of such data, it is possible to
achieve state-of-the-art results within a low query budget using synthetically
crafted samples. We are the first to demonstrate the scalability of Model
Stealing in a restricted access setting on a 100 class dataset as well.

### Title: GFCL: A GRU-based Federated Continual Learning Framework against Adversarial Attacks in IoV
* Paper ID: 2204.11010v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11010v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11010v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The integration of ML in 5G-based Internet of Vehicles (IoV) networks has
enabled intelligent transportation and smart traffic management. Nonetheless,
the security against adversarial attacks is also increasingly becoming a
challenging task. Specifically, Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) is one of the
widely used ML designs in IoV applications. The standard ML security techniques
are not effective in DRL where the algorithm learns to solve sequential
decision-making through continuous interaction with the environment, and the
environment is time-varying, dynamic, and mobile. In this paper, we propose a
Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU)-based federated continual learning (GFCL) anomaly
detection framework against adversarial attacks in IoV. The objective is to
present a lightweight and scalable framework that learns and detects the
illegitimate behavior without having a-priori training dataset consisting of
attack samples. We use GRU to predict a future data sequence to analyze and
detect illegitimate behavior from vehicles in a federated learning-based
distributed manner. We investigate the performance of our framework using
real-world vehicle mobility traces. The results demonstrate the effectiveness
of our proposed solution for different performance metrics.

### Title: STC-IDS: Spatial-Temporal Correlation Feature Analyzing based Intrusion Detection System for Intelligent Connected Vehicles
* Paper ID: 2204.10990v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10990v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10990v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Intrusion detection is an important defensive measure for the security of
automotive communications. Accurate frame detection models assist vehicles to
avoid malicious attacks. Uncertainty and diversity regarding attack methods
make this task challenging. However, the existing works have the limitation of
only considering local features or the weak feature mapping of multi-features.
To address these limitations, we present a novel model for automotive intrusion
detection by spatial-temporal correlation features of in-vehicle communication
traffic (STC-IDS). Specifically, the proposed model exploits an
encoding-detection architecture. In the encoder part, spatial and temporal
relations are encoded simultaneously. To strengthen the relationship between
features, the attention-based convolution network still captures spatial and
channel features to increase the receptive field, while attention-LSTM build
important relationships from previous time series or crucial bytes. The encoded
information is then passed to the detector for generating forceful
spatial-temporal attention features and enabling anomaly classification. In
particular, single-frame and multi-frame models are constructed to present
different advantages respectively. Under automatic hyper-parameter selection
based on Bayesian optimization, the model is trained to attain the best
performance. Extensive empirical studies based on a real-world vehicle attack
dataset demonstrate that STC-IDS has outperformed baseline methods and cables
fewer false-positive rates while maintaining efficiency.

