### Title: The Role of Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
* Paper ID: 2206.09707v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09707v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09707v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine Learning (ML) represents a pivotal technology for current and future
information systems, and many domains already leverage the capabilities of ML.
However, deployment of ML in cybersecurity is still at an early stage,
revealing a significant discrepancy between research and practice. Such
discrepancy has its root cause in the current state-of-the-art, which does not
allow to identify the role of ML in cybersecurity. The full potential of ML
will never be unleashed unless its pros and cons are understood by a broad
audience.
  This paper is the first attempt to provide a holistic understanding of the
role of ML in the entire cybersecurity domain -- to any potential reader with
an interest in this topic. We highlight the advantages of ML with respect to
human-driven detection methods, as well as the additional tasks that can be
addressed by ML in cybersecurity. Moreover, we elucidate various intrinsic
problems affecting real ML deployments in cybersecurity. Finally, we present
how various stakeholders can contribute to future developments of ML in
cybersecurity, which is essential for further progress in this field. Our
contributions are complemented with two real case studies describing industrial
applications of ML as defense against cyber-threats.

