### Title: UNBUS: Uncertainty-aware Deep Botnet Detection System in Presence of Perturbed Samples
* Paper ID: 2204.09502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A rising number of botnet families have been successfully detected using deep
learning architectures. While the variety of attacks increases, these
architectures should become more robust against attacks. They have been proven
to be very sensitive to small but well constructed perturbations in the input.
Botnet detection requires extremely low false-positive rates (FPR), which are
not commonly attainable in contemporary deep learning. Attackers try to
increase the FPRs by making poisoned samples. The majority of recent research
has focused on the use of model loss functions to build adversarial examples
and robust models. In this paper, two LSTM-based classification algorithms for
botnet classification with an accuracy higher than 98\% are presented. Then,
the adversarial attack is proposed, which reduces the accuracy to about30\%.
Then, by examining the methods for computing the uncertainty, the defense
method is proposed to increase the accuracy to about 70\%. By using the deep
ensemble and stochastic weight averaging quantification methods it has been
investigated the uncertainty of the accuracy in the proposed methods.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Sardino: Ultra-Fast Dynamic Ensemble for Secure Visual Sensing at Mobile Edge
* Paper ID: 2204.08189v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Adversarial example attack endangers the mobile edge systems such as vehicles
and drones that adopt deep neural networks for visual sensing. This paper
presents {\em Sardino}, an active and dynamic defense approach that renews the
inference ensemble at run time to develop security against the adaptive
adversary who tries to exfiltrate the ensemble and construct the corresponding
effective adversarial examples. By applying consistency check and data fusion
on the ensemble's predictions, Sardino can detect and thwart adversarial
inputs. Compared with the training-based ensemble renewal, we use HyperNet to
achieve {\em one million times} acceleration and per-frame ensemble renewal
that presents the highest level of difficulty to the prerequisite exfiltration
attacks. Moreover, the robustness of the renewed ensembles against adversarial
examples is enhanced with adversarial learning for the HyperNet. We design a
run-time planner that maximizes the ensemble size in favor of security while
maintaining the processing frame rate. Beyond adversarial examples, Sardino can
also address the issue of out-of-distribution inputs effectively. This paper
presents extensive evaluation of Sardino's performance in counteracting
adversarial examples and applies it to build a real-time car-borne traffic sign
recognition system. Live on-road tests show the built system's effectiveness in
maintaining frame rate and detecting out-of-distribution inputs due to the
false positives of a preceding YOLO-based traffic sign detector.

