# defense

## 04-20

### Title: Poisons that are learned faster are more effective
* Paper ID: 2204.08615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Imperceptible poisoning attacks on entire datasets have recently been touted
as methods for protecting data privacy. However, among a number of defenses
preventing the practical use of these techniques, early-stopping stands out as
a simple, yet effective defense. To gauge poisons' vulnerability to
early-stopping, we benchmark error-minimizing, error-maximizing, and synthetic
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy over 100 epochs and make a number of
surprising observations. First, we find that poisons that reach a low training
loss faster have lower peak test accuracy. Second, we find that a current
state-of-the-art error-maximizing poison is 7 times less effective when poison
training is stopped at epoch 8. Third, we find that stronger, more transferable
adversarial attacks do not make stronger poisons. We advocate for evaluating
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy.

### Title: Context-Auditor: Context-sensitive Content Injection Mitigation
* Paper ID: 2204.08592v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cross-site scripting (XSS) is the most common vulnerability class in web
applications over the last decade. Much research attention has focused on
building exploit mitigation defenses for this problem, but no technique
provides adequate protection in the face of advanced attacks. One technique
that bypasses XSS mitigations is the scriptless attack: a content injection
technique that uses (among other options) CSS and HTML injection to infiltrate
data. In studying this technique and others, we realized that the common
property among the exploitation of all content injection vulnerabilities,
including not just XSS and scriptless attacks, but also command injections and
several others, is an unintended context switch in the victim program's parsing
engine that is caused by untrusted user input.
  In this paper, we propose Context-Auditor, a novel technique that leverages
this insight to identify content injection vulnerabilities ranging from XSS to
scriptless attacks and command injections. We implemented Context-Auditor as a
general solution to content injection exploit detection problem in the form of
a flexible, stand-alone detection module. We deployed instances of
Context-Auditor as (1) a browser plugin, (2) a web proxy (3) a web server
plugin, and (4) as a wrapper around potentially-injectable system endpoints.
Because Context-Auditor targets the root cause of content injection
exploitation (and, more specifically for the purpose of our prototype, XSS
exploitation, scriptless exploitation, and command injection), our evaluation
results demonstrate that Context-Auditor can identify and block content
injection exploits that modern defenses cannot while maintaining low throughput
overhead and avoiding false positives.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Sardino: Ultra-Fast Dynamic Ensemble for Secure Visual Sensing at Mobile Edge
* Paper ID: 2204.08189v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Adversarial example attack endangers the mobile edge systems such as vehicles
and drones that adopt deep neural networks for visual sensing. This paper
presents {\em Sardino}, an active and dynamic defense approach that renews the
inference ensemble at run time to develop security against the adaptive
adversary who tries to exfiltrate the ensemble and construct the corresponding
effective adversarial examples. By applying consistency check and data fusion
on the ensemble's predictions, Sardino can detect and thwart adversarial
inputs. Compared with the training-based ensemble renewal, we use HyperNet to
achieve {\em one million times} acceleration and per-frame ensemble renewal
that presents the highest level of difficulty to the prerequisite exfiltration
attacks. Moreover, the robustness of the renewed ensembles against adversarial
examples is enhanced with adversarial learning for the HyperNet. We design a
run-time planner that maximizes the ensemble size in favor of security while
maintaining the processing frame rate. Beyond adversarial examples, Sardino can
also address the issue of out-of-distribution inputs effectively. This paper
presents extensive evaluation of Sardino's performance in counteracting
adversarial examples and applies it to build a real-time car-borne traffic sign
recognition system. Live on-road tests show the built system's effectiveness in
maintaining frame rate and detecting out-of-distribution inputs due to the
false positives of a preceding YOLO-based traffic sign detector.

