### Title: Identification of Attack Paths Using Kill Chain and Attack Graphs
* Paper ID: 2206.10272v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10272v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10272v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The ever-evolving capabilities of cyber attackers force security
administrators to focus on the early identification of emerging threats.
Targeted cyber attacks usually consist of several phases, from initial
reconnaissance of the network environment to final impact on objectives. This
paper investigates the identification of multi-step cyber threat scenarios
using kill chain and attack graphs. Kill chain and attack graphs are threat
modeling concepts that enable determining weak security defense points. We
propose a novel kill chain attack graph that merges kill chain and attack
graphs together. This approach determines possible chains of attacker's actions
and their materialization within the protected network. The graph generation
uses a categorization of threats according to violated security properties. The
graph allows determining the kill chain phase the administrator should focus on
and applicable countermeasures to mitigate possible cyber threats. We
implemented the proposed approach for a predefined range of cyber threats,
especially vulnerability exploitation and network threats. The approach was
validated on a real-world use case. Publicly available implementation contains
a proof-of-concept kill chain attack graph generator.

### Title: Certifiably Robust Policy Learning against Adversarial Communication in Multi-agent Systems
* Paper ID: 2206.10158v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10158v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10158v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Communication is important in many multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL)
problems for agents to share information and make good decisions. However, when
deploying trained communicative agents in a real-world application where noise
and potential attackers exist, the safety of communication-based policies
becomes a severe issue that is underexplored. Specifically, if communication
messages are manipulated by malicious attackers, agents relying on
untrustworthy communication may take unsafe actions that lead to catastrophic
consequences. Therefore, it is crucial to ensure that agents will not be misled
by corrupted communication, while still benefiting from benign communication.
In this work, we consider an environment with $N$ agents, where the attacker
may arbitrarily change the communication from any $C<\frac{N-1}{2}$ agents to a
victim agent. For this strong threat model, we propose a certifiable defense by
constructing a message-ensemble policy that aggregates multiple randomly
ablated message sets. Theoretical analysis shows that this message-ensemble
policy can utilize benign communication while being certifiably robust to
adversarial communication, regardless of the attacking algorithm. Experiments
in multiple environments verify that our defense significantly improves the
robustness of trained policies against various types of attacks.

