### Title: Poisons that are learned faster are more effective
* Paper ID: 2204.08615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Imperceptible poisoning attacks on entire datasets have recently been touted
as methods for protecting data privacy. However, among a number of defenses
preventing the practical use of these techniques, early-stopping stands out as
a simple, yet effective defense. To gauge poisons' vulnerability to
early-stopping, we benchmark error-minimizing, error-maximizing, and synthetic
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy over 100 epochs and make a number of
surprising observations. First, we find that poisons that reach a low training
loss faster have lower peak test accuracy. Second, we find that a current
state-of-the-art error-maximizing poison is 7 times less effective when poison
training is stopped at epoch 8. Third, we find that stronger, more transferable
adversarial attacks do not make stronger poisons. We advocate for evaluating
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy.

### Title: Context-Auditor: Context-sensitive Content Injection Mitigation
* Paper ID: 2204.08592v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cross-site scripting (XSS) is the most common vulnerability class in web
applications over the last decade. Much research attention has focused on
building exploit mitigation defenses for this problem, but no technique
provides adequate protection in the face of advanced attacks. One technique
that bypasses XSS mitigations is the scriptless attack: a content injection
technique that uses (among other options) CSS and HTML injection to infiltrate
data. In studying this technique and others, we realized that the common
property among the exploitation of all content injection vulnerabilities,
including not just XSS and scriptless attacks, but also command injections and
several others, is an unintended context switch in the victim program's parsing
engine that is caused by untrusted user input.
  In this paper, we propose Context-Auditor, a novel technique that leverages
this insight to identify content injection vulnerabilities ranging from XSS to
scriptless attacks and command injections. We implemented Context-Auditor as a
general solution to content injection exploit detection problem in the form of
a flexible, stand-alone detection module. We deployed instances of
Context-Auditor as (1) a browser plugin, (2) a web proxy (3) a web server
plugin, and (4) as a wrapper around potentially-injectable system endpoints.
Because Context-Auditor targets the root cause of content injection
exploitation (and, more specifically for the purpose of our prototype, XSS
exploitation, scriptless exploitation, and command injection), our evaluation
results demonstrate that Context-Auditor can identify and block content
injection exploits that modern defenses cannot while maintaining low throughput
overhead and avoiding false positives.

