### Title: Alexa as an Active Listener: How Backchanneling Can Elicit Self-Disclosure and Promote User Experience
* Paper ID: 2204.10191v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10191v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10191v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Active listening is a well-known skill applied in human communication to
build intimacy and elicit self-disclosure to support a wide variety of
cooperative tasks. When applied to conversational UIs, active listening from
machines can also elicit greater self-disclosure by signaling to the users that
they are being heard, which can have positive outcomes. However, it takes
considerable engineering effort and training to embed active listening skills
in machines at scale, given the need to personalize active-listening cues to
individual users and their specific utterances. A more generic solution is
needed given the increasing use of conversational agents, especially by the
growing number of socially isolated individuals. With this in mind, we
developed an Amazon Alexa skill that provides privacy-preserving and
pseudo-random backchanneling to indicate active listening. User study (N = 40)
data show that backchanneling improves perceived degree of active listening by
smart speakers. It also results in more emotional disclosure, with participants
using more positive words. Perception of smart speakers as active listeners is
positively associated with perceived emotional support. Interview data
corroborate the feasibility of using smart speakers to provide emotional
support. These findings have important implications for smart speaker
interaction design in several domains of cooperative work and social computing.

### Title: SPIKE: Secure and Private Investigation of the Kidney Exchange problem
* Paper ID: 2204.09937v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: The kidney exchange problem (KEP) addresses the matching of
patients in need for a replacement organ with compatible living donors. Ideally
many medical institutions should participate in a matching program to increase
the chance for successful matches. However, to fulfill legal requirements
current systems use complicated policy-based data protection mechanisms that
effectively exclude smaller medical facilities to participate. Employing secure
multi-party computation (MPC) techniques provides a technical way to satisfy
data protection requirements for highly sensitive personal health information
while simultaneously reducing the regulatory burdens.
  Results: We have designed, implemented, and benchmarked SPIKE, a secure
MPC-based privacy-preserving KEP which computes a solution by finding matching
donor-recipient pairs in a graph structure. SPIKE matches 40 pairs in cycles of
length 2 in less than 4 minutes and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art
protocol by a factor of 400x in runtime while providing medically more robust
solutions.
  Conclusions: We show how to solve the KEP in a robust and privacy-preserving
manner achieving practical performance. The usage of MPC techniques fulfills
many data protection requirements on a technical level, allowing smaller health
care providers to directly participate in a kidney exchange with reduced legal
processes.

### Title: FedCL: Federated Contrastive Learning for Privacy-Preserving Recommendation
* Paper ID: 2204.09850v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09850v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09850v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Contrastive learning is widely used for recommendation model learning, where
selecting representative and informative negative samples is critical. Existing
methods usually focus on centralized data, where abundant and high-quality
negative samples are easy to obtain. However, centralized user data storage and
exploitation may lead to privacy risks and concerns, while decentralized user
data on a single client can be too sparse and biased for accurate contrastive
learning. In this paper, we propose a federated contrastive learning method
named FedCL for privacy-preserving recommendation, which can exploit
high-quality negative samples for effective model training with privacy well
protected. We first infer user embeddings from local user data through the
local model on each client, and then perturb them with local differential
privacy (LDP) before sending them to a central server for hard negative
sampling. Since individual user embedding contains heavy noise due to LDP, we
propose to cluster user embeddings on the server to mitigate the influence of
noise, and the cluster centroids are used to retrieve hard negative samples
from the item pool. These hard negative samples are delivered to user clients
and mixed with the observed negative samples from local data as well as
in-batch negatives constructed from positive samples for federated model
training. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets show FedCL can
empower various recommendation methods in a privacy-preserving way.

### Title: Block Hunter: Federated Learning for Cyber Threat Hunting in Blockchain-based IIoT Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09829v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, blockchain-based technologies are being developed in various
industries to improve data security. In the context of the Industrial Internet
of Things (IIoT), a chain-based network is one of the most notable applications
of blockchain technology. IIoT devices have become increasingly prevalent in
our digital world, especially in support of developing smart factories.
Although blockchain is a powerful tool, it is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Detecting anomalies in blockchain-based IIoT networks in smart factories is
crucial in protecting networks and systems from unexpected attacks. In this
paper, we use Federated Learning (FL) to build a threat hunting framework
called Block Hunter to automatically hunt for attacks in blockchain-based IIoT
networks. Block Hunter utilizes a cluster-based architecture for anomaly
detection combined with several machine learning models in a federated
environment. To the best of our knowledge, Block Hunter is the first federated
threat hunting model in IIoT networks that identifies anomalous behavior while
preserving privacy. Our results prove the efficiency of the Block Hunter in
detecting anomalous activities with high accuracy and minimum required
bandwidth.

