### Title: JPEG Compression-Resistant Low-Mid Adversarial Perturbation against Unauthorized Face Recognition System
* Paper ID: 2206.09410v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09410v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09410v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: It has been observed that the unauthorized use of face recognition system
raises privacy problems. Using adversarial perturbations provides one possible
solution to address this issue. A critical issue to exploit adversarial
perturbation against unauthorized face recognition system is that: The images
uploaded to the web need to be processed by JPEG compression, which weakens the
effectiveness of adversarial perturbation. Existing JPEG compression-resistant
methods fails to achieve a balance among compression resistance,
transferability, and attack effectiveness. To this end, we propose a more
natural solution called low frequency adversarial perturbation (LFAP). Instead
of restricting the adversarial perturbations, we turn to regularize the source
model to employing more low-frequency features by adversarial training.
Moreover, to better influence model in different frequency components, we
proposed the refined low-mid frequency adversarial perturbation (LMFAP)
considering the mid frequency components as the productive complement. We
designed a variety of settings in this study to simulate the real-world
application scenario, including cross backbones, supervisory heads, training
datasets and testing datasets. Quantitative and qualitative experimental
results validate the effectivenss of proposed solutions.

### Title: Privacy-Preserving Analytics on Decentralized Social Graphs: The Case of Eigendecomposition
* Paper ID: 2206.09388v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09388v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09388v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Analytics over social graphs allows to extract valuable knowledge and
insights for many fields like community detection, fraud detection, and
interest mining. In practice, decentralized social graphs frequently arise,
where the social graph is not available to a single entity and is decentralized
among a large number of users, each holding only a limited local view about the
whole graph. Collecting the local views for analytics of decentralized social
graphs raises critical privacy concerns, as they encode private information
about the social interactions among individuals. In this paper, we design,
implement, and evaluate PrivGED, a new system aimed at privacy-preserving
analytics over decentralized social graphs. PrivGED focuses on the support for
eigendecomposition, one popular and fundamental graph analytics task producing
eigenvalues/eigenvectors over the adjacency matrix of a social graph and
benefits various practical applications. PrivGED is built from a delicate
synergy of insights on graph analytics, lightweight cryptography, and
differential privacy, allowing users to securely contribute their local views
on a decentralized social graph for a cloud-based eigendecomposition analytics
service while gaining strong privacy protection. Extensive experiments over
real-world social graph datasets demonstrate that PrivGED achieves accuracy
comparable to the plaintext domain, with practically affordable performance
superior to prior art.

