### Title: Privacy-Preserving Cloud Computing: Ecosystem, Life Cycle, Layered Architecture and Future Roadmap
* Paper ID: 2204.11120v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11120v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11120v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Privacy-Preserving Cloud Computing is an emerging technology with many
applications in various fields. Cloud computing is important because it allows
for scalability, adaptability, and improved security. Likewise, privacy in
cloud computing is important because it ensures that the integrity of data
stored on the cloud maintains intact. This survey paper on privacy-preserving
cloud computing can help pave the way for future research in related areas.
This paper helps to identify existing trends by establishing a layered
architecture along with a life cycle and an ecosystem for privacy-preserving
cloud systems in addition to identifying the existing trends in research on
this area.

### Title: On-Device Next-Item Recommendation with Self-Supervised Knowledge Distillation
* Paper ID: 2204.11091v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11091v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11091v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: [https://github.com/xiaxin1998/od-rec](https://github.com/xiaxin1998/od-rec)
* Summary: Modern recommender systems operate in a fully server-based fashion. To cater
to millions of users, the frequent model maintaining and the high-speed
processing for concurrent user requests are required, which comes at the cost
of a huge carbon footprint. Meanwhile, users need to upload their behavior data
even including the immediate environmental context to the server, raising the
public concern about privacy. On-device recommender systems circumvent these
two issues with cost-conscious settings and local inference. However, due to
the limited memory and computing resources, on-device recommender systems are
confronted with two fundamental challenges: (1) how to reduce the size of
regular models to fit edge devices? (2) how to retain the original capacity?
Previous research mostly adopts tensor decomposition techniques to compress the
regular recommendation model with limited compression ratio so as to avoid
drastic performance degradation. In this paper, we explore ultra-compact models
for next-item recommendation, by loosing the constraint of dimensionality
consistency in tensor decomposition. Meanwhile, to compensate for the capacity
loss caused by compression, we develop a self-supervised knowledge distillation
framework which enables the compressed model (student) to distill the essential
information lying in the raw data, and improves the long-tail item
recommendation through an embedding-recombination strategy with the original
model (teacher). The extensive experiments on two benchmarks demonstrate that,
with 30x model size reduction, the compressed model almost comes with no
accuracy loss, and even outperforms its uncompressed counterpart in most cases.

### Title: Turning the Hunted into the Hunter via Threat Hunting: Life Cycle, Ecosystem, Challenges and the Great Promise of AI
* Paper ID: 2204.11076v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11076v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11076v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The threat hunting lifecycle is a complex atmosphere that requires special
attention from professionals to maintain security. This paper is a collection
of recent work that gives a holistic view of the threat hunting ecosystem,
identifies challenges, and discusses the future with the integration of
artificial intelligence (AI). We specifically establish a life cycle and
ecosystem for privacy-threat hunting in addition to identifying the related
challenges. We also discovered how critical the use of AI is in threat hunting.
This work paves the way for future work in this area as it provides the
foundational knowledge to make meaningful advancements for threat hunting.

### Title: Smart App Attack: Hacking Deep Learning Models in Android Apps
* Paper ID: 2204.11075v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11075v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11075v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: [https://github.com/jinxhy/smartappattack](https://github.com/jinxhy/smartappattack)
* Summary: On-device deep learning is rapidly gaining popularity in mobile applications.
Compared to offloading deep learning from smartphones to the cloud, on-device
deep learning enables offline model inference while preserving user privacy.
However, such mechanisms inevitably store models on users' smartphones and may
invite adversarial attacks as they are accessible to attackers. Due to the
characteristic of the on-device model, most existing adversarial attacks cannot
be directly applied for on-device models. In this paper, we introduce a
grey-box adversarial attack framework to hack on-device models by crafting
highly similar binary classification models based on identified transfer
learning approaches and pre-trained models from TensorFlow Hub. We evaluate the
attack effectiveness and generality in terms of four different settings
including pre-trained models, datasets, transfer learning approaches and
adversarial attack algorithms. The results demonstrate that the proposed
attacks remain effective regardless of different settings, and significantly
outperform state-of-the-art baselines. We further conduct an empirical study on
real-world deep learning mobile apps collected from Google Play. Among 53 apps
adopting transfer learning, we find that 71.7\% of them can be successfully
attacked, which includes popular ones in medicine, automation, and finance
categories with critical usage scenarios. The results call for the awareness
and actions of deep learning mobile app developers to secure the on-device
models. The code of this work is available at
https://github.com/Jinxhy/SmartAppAttack

### Title: MLP-Hash: Protecting Face Templates via Hashing of Randomized Multi-Layer Perceptron
* Paper ID: 2204.11054v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Applications of face recognition systems for authentication purposes are
growing rapidly. Although state-of-the-art (SOTA) face recognition systems have
high recognition performance, the features which are extracted for each user
and are stored in the system's database contain privacy-sensitive information.
Accordingly, compromising this data would jeopardize users' privacy. In this
paper, we propose a new cancelable template protection method, dubbed MLP-hash,
which generates protected templates by passing the extracted features through a
user-specific randomly-weighted multi-layer perceptron (MLP) and binarizing the
MLP output. We evaluated the unlinkability, irreversibility, and recognition
performance of our proposed biometric template protection method to fulfill the
ISO/IEC 30136 standard requirements. Our experiments with SOTA face recognition
systems on the MOBIO and LFW datasets show that our method has competitive
performance with the BioHashing and IoM Hashing (IoM-GRP and IoM-URP) template
protection algorithms. We provide an open-source implementation of all the
experiments presented in this paper so that other researchers can verify our
findings and build upon our work.

### Title: Federated Learning with Lossy Distributed Source Coding: Analysis and Optimization
* Paper ID: 2204.10985v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10985v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10985v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recently, federated learning (FL), which replaces data sharing with model
sharing, has emerged as an efficient and privacy-friendly paradigm for machine
learning (ML). A main challenge of FL is its huge uplink communication cost. In
this paper, we tackle this challenge from an information-theoretic perspective.
Specifically, we put forth a distributed source coding (DSC) framework for FL
uplink, which unifies the encoding, transmission, and aggregation of the local
updates as a lossy DSC problem, thus providing a systematic way to exploit the
correlation between local updates to improve the uplink efficiency. Under this
DSC-FL framework, we propose an FL uplink scheme based on the modified
Berger-Tung coding (MBTC), which supports separate encoding and joint decoding
by modifying the achievability scheme of the Berger-Tung inner bound. The
achievable region of the MBTC-based uplink scheme is also derived. To unleash
the potential of the MBTC-based FL scheme, we carry out a convergence analysis
and then formulate a convergence rate maximization problem to optimize the
parameters of MBTC. To solve this problem, we develop two algorithms,
respectively for small- and large-scale FL systems, based on the
majorization-minimization (MM) technique. Numerical results demonstrate the
superiority of the MBTC-based FL scheme in terms of aggregation distortion,
convergence performance, and communication cost, revealing the great potential
of the DSC-FL framework.

### Title: Federated Contrastive Learning for Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.10983v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10983v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10983v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Supervised deep learning needs a large amount of labeled data to achieve high
performance. However, in medical imaging analysis, each site may only have a
limited amount of data and labels, which makes learning ineffective. Federated
learning (FL) can help in this regard by learning a shared model while keeping
training data local for privacy. Traditional FL requires fully-labeled data for
training, which is inconvenient or sometimes infeasible to obtain due to high
labeling cost and the requirement of expertise. Contrastive learning (CL), as a
self-supervised learning approach, can effectively learn from unlabeled data to
pre-train a neural network encoder, followed by fine-tuning for downstream
tasks with limited annotations. However, when adopting CL in FL, the limited
data diversity on each client makes federated contrastive learning (FCL)
ineffective. In this work, we propose an FCL framework for volumetric medical
image segmentation with limited annotations. More specifically, we exchange the
features in the FCL pre-training process such that diverse contrastive data are
provided to each site for effective local CL while keeping raw data private.
Based on the exchanged features, global structural matching further leverages
the structural similarity to align local features to the remote ones such that
a unified feature space can be learned among different sites. Experiments on a
cardiac MRI dataset show the proposed framework substantially improves the
segmentation performance compared with state-of-the-art techniques.

