### Title: Towards Privacy-Preserving Neural Architecture Search
* Paper ID: 2204.10958v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine learning promotes the continuous development of signal processing in
various fields, including network traffic monitoring, EEG classification, face
identification, and many more. However, massive user data collected for
training deep learning models raises privacy concerns and increases the
difficulty of manually adjusting the network structure. To address these
issues, we propose a privacy-preserving neural architecture search (PP-NAS)
framework based on secure multi-party computation to protect users' data and
the model's parameters/hyper-parameters. PP-NAS outsources the NAS task to two
non-colluding cloud servers for making full advantage of mixed protocols
design. Complement to the existing PP machine learning frameworks, we redesign
the secure ReLU and Max-pooling garbled circuits for significantly better
efficiency ($3 \sim 436$ times speed-up). We develop a new alternative to
approximate the Softmax function over secret shares, which bypasses the
limitation of approximating exponential operations in Softmax while improving
accuracy. Extensive analyses and experiments demonstrate PP-NAS's superiority
in security, efficiency, and accuracy.

### Title: Your Echos are Heard: Tracking, Profiling, and Ad Targeting in the Amazon Smart Speaker Ecosystem
* Paper ID: 2204.10920v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10920v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10920v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Smart speakers collect voice input that can be used to infer sensitive
information about users. Given a number of egregious privacy breaches, there is
a clear unmet need for greater transparency and control over data collection,
sharing, and use by smart speaker platforms as well as third party skills
supported on them. To bridge the gap, we build an auditing framework that
leverages online advertising to measure data collection, its usage, and its
sharing by the smart speaker platforms. We evaluate our framework on the Amazon
smart speaker ecosystem. Our results show that Amazon and third parties
(including advertising and tracking services) collect smart speaker interaction
data; where Amazon shares it with as many as 41 advertising partners. We find
that Amazon processes voice data to infer user interests and uses it to serve
targeted ads on-platform (Echo devices) as well as off-platform (web). Smart
speaker interaction leads to as much as 30X higher ad bids from advertisers.
Finally, we find that Amazon's and skills' operational practices are often
inconsistent with their privacy policies

### Title: Bridging Sapling: Private Cross-Chain Transfers
* Paper ID: 2204.10611v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Interoperability is one of the main challenges of blockchain technologies,
which are generally designed as self-contained systems. Interoperability
schemes for privacy-focused blockchains are particularly hard to design: they
must integrate with the unique privacy features of the underlying blockchain so
as to prove statements about specific transactions in protocols designed to
obfuscate them. This has led to users being forced to weaken their privacy,
e.g. by using centralised exchanges, to move assets from one chain to another.
We present ZCLAIM, a framework for trustless cross-chain asset migration based
on the Zcash privacy-protecting protocol. ZCLAIM integrates with an
implementation of the Sapling version of Zcash on a smart-contract capable
issuing chain in order to attain private cross-chain transfers. We show that a
tokenised representation can be created via a set of collateralised
intermediaries without relying on or revealing the total amount to any third
party.

### Title: Privacy-preserving Social Distance Monitoring on Microcontrollers with Low-Resolution Infrared Sensors and CNNs
* Paper ID: 2204.10541v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10541v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10541v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Low-resolution infrared (IR) array sensors offer a low-cost, low-power, and
privacy-preserving alternative to optical cameras and smartphones/wearables for
social distance monitoring in indoor spaces, permitting the recognition of
basic shapes, without revealing the personal details of individuals. In this
work, we demonstrate that an accurate detection of social distance violations
can be achieved processing the raw output of a 8x8 IR array sensor with a
small-sized Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Furthermore, the CNN can be
executed directly on a Microcontroller (MCU)-based sensor node.
  With results on a newly collected open dataset, we show that our best CNN
achieves 86.3% balanced accuracy, significantly outperforming the 61% achieved
by a state-of-the-art deterministic algorithm. Changing the architectural
parameters of the CNN, we obtain a rich Pareto set of models, spanning
70.5-86.3% accuracy and 0.18-75k parameters. Deployed on a STM32L476RG MCU,
these models have a latency of 0.73-5.33ms, with an energy consumption per
inference of 9.38-68.57{\mu}J.

### Title: Energy-efficient and Privacy-aware Social Distance Monitoring with Low-resolution Infrared Sensors and Adaptive Inference
* Paper ID: 2204.10539v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10539v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10539v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Low-resolution infrared (IR) Sensors combined with machine learning (ML) can
be leveraged to implement privacy-preserving social distance monitoring
solutions in indoor spaces. However, the need of executing these applications
on Internet of Things (IoT) edge nodes makes energy consumption critical. In
this work, we propose an energy-efficient adaptive inference solution
consisting of the cascade of a simple wake-up trigger and a 8-bit quantized
Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), which is only invoked for
difficult-to-classify frames. Deploying such adaptive system on a IoT
Microcontroller, we show that, when processing the output of a 8x8
low-resolution IR sensor, we are able to reduce the energy consumption by
37-57% with respect to a static CNN-based approach, with an accuracy drop of
less than 2% (83% balanced accuracy).

