### Title: Towards Privacy-Preserving Neural Architecture Search
* Paper ID: 2204.10958v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine learning promotes the continuous development of signal processing in
various fields, including network traffic monitoring, EEG classification, face
identification, and many more. However, massive user data collected for
training deep learning models raises privacy concerns and increases the
difficulty of manually adjusting the network structure. To address these
issues, we propose a privacy-preserving neural architecture search (PP-NAS)
framework based on secure multi-party computation to protect users' data and
the model's parameters/hyper-parameters. PP-NAS outsources the NAS task to two
non-colluding cloud servers for making full advantage of mixed protocols
design. Complement to the existing PP machine learning frameworks, we redesign
the secure ReLU and Max-pooling garbled circuits for significantly better
efficiency ($3 \sim 436$ times speed-up). We develop a new alternative to
approximate the Softmax function over secret shares, which bypasses the
limitation of approximating exponential operations in Softmax while improving
accuracy. Extensive analyses and experiments demonstrate PP-NAS's superiority
in security, efficiency, and accuracy.

### Title: Noncooperative Herding With Control Barrier Functions: Theory and Experiments
* Paper ID: 2204.10945v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10945v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10945v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we consider the problem of protecting a high-value unit from
inadvertent attack by a group of agents using defending robots. Specifically,
we develop a control strategy for the defending agents that we call "dog
robots" to prevent a flock of "sheep agents" from breaching a protected zone.
We take recourse to control barrier functions to pose this problem and exploit
the interaction dynamics between the sheep and dogs to find dogs' velocities
that result in the sheep getting repelled from the zone. We solve a QP
reactively that incorporates the defending constraints to compute the desired
velocities for all dogs. Owing to this, our proposed framework is composable
\textit{i.e.} it allows for simultaneous inclusion of multiple protected zones
in the constraints on dog robots' velocities. We provide a theoretical proof of
feasibility of our strategy for the one dog/one sheep case. Additionally, we
provide empirical results of two dogs defending the protected zone from upto
ten sheep averaged over a hundred simulations and report high success rates. We
also demonstrate this algorithm experimentally on non-holonomic robots. Videos
of these results are available at https://tinyurl.com/4dj2kjwx.

### Title: Bridging Sapling: Private Cross-Chain Transfers
* Paper ID: 2204.10611v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Interoperability is one of the main challenges of blockchain technologies,
which are generally designed as self-contained systems. Interoperability
schemes for privacy-focused blockchains are particularly hard to design: they
must integrate with the unique privacy features of the underlying blockchain so
as to prove statements about specific transactions in protocols designed to
obfuscate them. This has led to users being forced to weaken their privacy,
e.g. by using centralised exchanges, to move assets from one chain to another.
We present ZCLAIM, a framework for trustless cross-chain asset migration based
on the Zcash privacy-protecting protocol. ZCLAIM integrates with an
implementation of the Sapling version of Zcash on a smart-contract capable
issuing chain in order to attain private cross-chain transfers. We show that a
tokenised representation can be created via a set of collateralised
intermediaries without relying on or revealing the total amount to any third
party.

### Title: BliMe: Verifiably Secure Outsourced Computation with Hardware-Enforced Taint Tracking
* Paper ID: 2204.09649v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09649v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09649v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present Blinded Memory (BliMe), a way to realize efficient and secure
outsourced computation. BliMe consists of a novel and minimal set of ISA
extensions that uses taint tracking to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive
(client) data even in the presence of server malware, run-time attacks, and
side-channel attacks.
  To secure outsourced computation, the BliMe extensions can be used together
with an attestable, fixed-function trusted execution environment (TEE) and an
encryption engine that provides atomic decrypt-and-taint and
encrypt-and-untaint operations. The TEE engages in an attestation and key
agreement protocol with the client. It provides the resulting client-specific
keys to the encryption engine. Clients rely on remote attestation to ensure
that their data will always be protected by BliMe's taint tracking policy after
decryption.
  We provide a machine-checked security proof and an FPGA implementation
(BliMe-Ibex) of BliMe's taint tracking policy. We show that BliMe-Ibex does not
reduce performance relative to the unmodified core, and incurs only minor
increases in resource consumption in terms of power (${\approx}2.1\%$), LUTs
(${\approx}1.0\%$), and registers (${\approx}2.3\%$).

