### Title: Topological order and entanglement dynamics in the measurement-only XZZX quantum code
* Paper ID: 2204.08489v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08489v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08489v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We examine the dynamics of a $(1+1)$-dimensional measurement-only circuit
defined by the stabilizers of the [[5,1,3]] quantum error correcting code
interrupted by single-qubit Pauli measurements. The code corrects arbitrary
single-qubit errors and it stabilizes an area law entangled state with a $D_2 =
\mathbb{Z}_2 \times \mathbb{Z}_2$ symmetry protected topological (SPT) order,
as well as a symmetry breaking (SB) order from a two-fold bulk degeneracy. The
Pauli measurements break the topological order and induce a phase transition
into a trivial area law phase. Allowing more than one type of Pauli measurement
increases the measurement-induced frustration, and the SPT and SB order can be
broken either simultaneously or separately at nonzero measurement rate. This
yields a rich phase diagram and unanticipated critical behavior at the phase
transitions. Although the correlation length exponent $\nu=\tfrac43$ and the
dynamical critical exponent $z=1$ are consistent with bond percolation, the
prefactor of the logarithmic entanglement growth may take non-integer multiples
of the percolation value. Remarkably, we identify a robust transient scaling
regime for the purification dynamics of $L$ qubits. It reveals a modified
dynamical critical exponent $z^*\neq z$, which is observable up to times $t\sim
L^{z^*}$ and is reminiscent of the relaxation of critical systems into a
prethermal state.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Proton Stability: From the Standard Model to Ultra Unification
* Paper ID: 2204.08393v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08393v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08393v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: For the 4d Standard Model (SM) with Lie group $G_{{\rm SM}_q} \equiv$
SU(3)$\times$SU(2)$\times$U(1)$_{\tilde Y}/\mathbb{Z}_q$ of $q=1,2,3,6$ with
$N_f$ family of 15 or 16 Weyl fermions, in addition to the continuous baryon
minus lepton U(1)$_{\bf B - L}$ symmetry, there is also a compatible discrete
baryon plus lepton $\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B + L}$ symmetry. The
$\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B + L}$ is discrete due to the ABJ anomaly under the
BPST SU(2) instanton. Although both U(1)$_{\bf B - L}$ and $\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f,
\bf B + L}$ symmetries are anomaly-free under the dynamically gauged $G_{{\rm
SM}_q}$, it is important to check whether they have mixed anomalies with the
gravitational background field (spacetime diffeomorphism under Spin group
rotation) and higher symmetries (whose charged objects are Wilson electric or
't Hooft magnetic line operators) of SM. We can also replace the U(1)$_{\bf B -
L}$ with a discrete variant $\mathbb{Z}_{4,X}$ for $X \equiv 5({\bf B -
L})-\frac{2}{3} {\tilde Y}$ of electroweak hypercharge ${\tilde Y}$. We explore
a systematic classification of candidate perturbative local and nonperturbative
global anomalies of the 4d SM, including all these gauge and gravitational
backgrounds, via a cobordism theory, which controls the SM's deformation class.
We discuss the proton stability of the SM and Ultra Unification in the presence
of (U(1)$_{\bf B - L} \times \mathbb{Z}_{2N_f,\bf B + L})/{\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm
F}}$ or $(\mathbb{Z}_{4,X} \times \mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B +
L})/{\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm F}}$ symmetry protection with the fermion parity
$\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm F}$. While many Grand Unified Theories violating the
discrete $\bf B + L$ symmetry suffer from the proton decay, the SM and some
versions of Ultra Unification can have a stable proton.

### Title: A Predictive Model for Micrometeoroid Damage to Gossamer Structures
* Paper ID: 2204.08361v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08361v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08361v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A typical inflatable reflector for space application consists of two thin
membranes with a parabolic shape. It is critical to understand the interaction
of the inflatable and the micrometeoroid environment to which it is exposed.
This interaction leads to a series of penetrations of the inflatable membrane
on entrance and exit of the impacting particle, creating a pathway for gas
escape. To increase the fidelity of the damage expected, we examine the
literature for descriptions of micrometeoroid fragmentation and present a
theoretical formulation for the damage caused by an impacting particle to the
entrance and exit membranes. This theory is compared to an initial set of
hyper-velocity tests for micrometeoroid-sized particles on thin film membranes.
We use the results of these tests to produce a predictive model. This model is
applied to estimate the damage rate near the 1 AU location and output
predictions for the effectiveness of a micrometeoroid shield to reduce the
damage on the lenticular and effectively optimize its lifetime. Lastly, we
apply the kinetic theory of gasses to develop expressions for the expenditure
of gas over a specified mission lifetime due to penetrations. Although this
paper examines the specific case of an inflated lenticular protected by extra
membrane layers, our predictive model can be applied for any gossamer structure
composed of polyimide membranes.

### Title: PrivateRec: Differentially Private Training and Serving for Federated News Recommendation
* Paper ID: 2204.08146v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08146v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08146v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Privacy protection is an essential issue in personalized news recommendation,
and federated learning can potentially mitigate the privacy concern by training
personalized news recommendation models over decentralized user data.For a
theoretical privacy guarantee, differential privacy is necessary. However,
applying differential privacy to federated recommendation training and serving
conventionally suffers from the unsatisfactory trade-off between privacy and
utility due to the high-dimensional characteristics of model gradients and
hidden representations. In addition, there is no formal privacy guarantee for
both training and serving in federated recommendation. In this paper, we
propose a unified federated news recommendation method for effective and
privacy-preserving model training and online serving with differential privacy
guarantees. We first clarify the notion of differential privacy over users'
behavior data for both model training and online serving in the federated
recommendation scenario. Next, we propose a privacy-preserving online serving
mechanism under this definition with differentially private user interest
decomposition. More specifically, it decomposes the high-dimensional and
privacy-sensitive user embedding into a combination of public basic vectors and
adds noise to the combination coefficients. In this way, it can avoid the
dimension curse and improve the utility by reducing the required noise
intensity for differential privacy. Besides, we design a federated
recommendation model training method with differential privacy, which can avoid
the dimension-dependent noise for large models via label permutation and
differentially private attention modules. Experiments on real-world news
recommendation datasets validate the effectiveness of our method in achieving a
good trade-off between privacy protection and utility for federated news
recommendations.

### Title: A Practical Cross-Device Federated Learning Framework over 5G Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.08134v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The concept of federated learning (FL) was first proposed by Google in 2016.
Thereafter, FL has been widely studied for the feasibility of application in
various fields due to its potential to make full use of data without
compromising the privacy. However, limited by the capacity of wireless data
transmission, the employment of federated learning on mobile devices has been
making slow progress in practical. The development and commercialization of the
5th generation (5G) mobile networks has shed some light on this. In this paper,
we analyze the challenges of existing federated learning schemes for mobile
devices and propose a novel cross-device federated learning framework, which
utilizes the anonymous communication technology and ring signature to protect
the privacy of participants while reducing the computation overhead of mobile
devices participating in FL. In addition, our scheme implements a
contribution-based incentive mechanism to encourage mobile users to participate
in FL. We also give a case study of autonomous driving. Finally, we present the
performance evaluation of the proposed scheme and discuss some open issues in
federated learning.

