### Title: Spin-momentum locking from topological quantum chemistry: applications to multifold fermions
* Paper ID: 2204.10113v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10113v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10113v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In spin-orbit coupled crystals, symmetries can protect multifold degeneracies
with large Chern numbers and Brillouin zone spanning topological surface
states. In this work, we explore the extent to which the nontrivial topology of
chiral multifold fermions impacts the spin texture of bulk states. To do so, we
formulate a definition of spin-momentum locking in terms of reduced density
matrices. Using tools from the theory of topological quantum chemistry, we show
how the reduced density matrix can be determined from the knowledge of the
basis orbitals and band representation forming the multifold fermion. We show
how on-site spin orbit coupling, crystal field splitting, and Wyckoff position
multiplicity compete to determine the spin texture of states near chiral
fermions. We compute the spin texture of multifold fermions in several
representative examples from space groups $P432$ (207) and $P2_13$ (198). We
show that the winding number of the spin around the Fermi surface can take many
different integer values, from zero all the way to $\pm 7$. Finally, we
conclude by showing how to apply our theory to real materials using the example
of PtGa in space group $P2_13$.

### Title: Engineering bound states in the continuum at telecom wavelengths with non-Bravais lattices
* Paper ID: 2204.09986v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09986v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09986v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Various optical phenomena can be induced in periodic arrays of nanoparticles
by the radiative coupling of the local dipoles in each particle. Probably the
most impressive example is bound states in the continuum (BICs), which are
electromagnetic modes with a dispersion inside the light cone but infinite
lifetime, i.e., modes that cannot leak to the continuum. Symmetry-protected
BICs appear at highly symmetric points in the dispersion of periodic systems.
Although the addition of nonequivalent lattice points in a unit cell is an easy
and straightforward way of tuning the symmetry, BICs in such particle lattice,
i.e., non-Bravais lattice, are less explored among periodic systems. Starting
from a periodic square lattice of Si nanodisks, we have prepared three
non-Bravais lattices by detuning size and position of the second disk in the
unit cell. Diffraction-induced coupling excites magnetic/electric dipoles in
each nanodisk, producing two surface lattice resonances at the $\Gamma$ point
with a band gap in between. %of $\sim$ 41 meV.
  The high/low energy branch becomes a BIC for the size/position-detuned array,
respectively, while both branches are bright (or leaky) when both size and
position are detuned simultaneously. The role of magnetic and electric
resonances in dielectric nanoparticles and the change of BIC to bright
character of the modes is explained by the two different origins of BICs in the
detuned arrays, which is further discussed with the aid of a coupled electric
and magnetic dipole model. This study gives a simple way of tuning BICs at
telecom wavelengths in non-Bravais lattices, including both plasmonic and
dielectric systems, thus scalable to a wide range of frequencies.

### Title: SPIKE: Secure and Private Investigation of the Kidney Exchange problem
* Paper ID: 2204.09937v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09937v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: The kidney exchange problem (KEP) addresses the matching of
patients in need for a replacement organ with compatible living donors. Ideally
many medical institutions should participate in a matching program to increase
the chance for successful matches. However, to fulfill legal requirements
current systems use complicated policy-based data protection mechanisms that
effectively exclude smaller medical facilities to participate. Employing secure
multi-party computation (MPC) techniques provides a technical way to satisfy
data protection requirements for highly sensitive personal health information
while simultaneously reducing the regulatory burdens.
  Results: We have designed, implemented, and benchmarked SPIKE, a secure
MPC-based privacy-preserving KEP which computes a solution by finding matching
donor-recipient pairs in a graph structure. SPIKE matches 40 pairs in cycles of
length 2 in less than 4 minutes and outperforms the previous state-of-the-art
protocol by a factor of 400x in runtime while providing medically more robust
solutions.
  Conclusions: We show how to solve the KEP in a robust and privacy-preserving
manner achieving practical performance. The usage of MPC techniques fulfills
many data protection requirements on a technical level, allowing smaller health
care providers to directly participate in a kidney exchange with reduced legal
processes.

### Title: FedCL: Federated Contrastive Learning for Privacy-Preserving Recommendation
* Paper ID: 2204.09850v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09850v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09850v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Contrastive learning is widely used for recommendation model learning, where
selecting representative and informative negative samples is critical. Existing
methods usually focus on centralized data, where abundant and high-quality
negative samples are easy to obtain. However, centralized user data storage and
exploitation may lead to privacy risks and concerns, while decentralized user
data on a single client can be too sparse and biased for accurate contrastive
learning. In this paper, we propose a federated contrastive learning method
named FedCL for privacy-preserving recommendation, which can exploit
high-quality negative samples for effective model training with privacy well
protected. We first infer user embeddings from local user data through the
local model on each client, and then perturb them with local differential
privacy (LDP) before sending them to a central server for hard negative
sampling. Since individual user embedding contains heavy noise due to LDP, we
propose to cluster user embeddings on the server to mitigate the influence of
noise, and the cluster centroids are used to retrieve hard negative samples
from the item pool. These hard negative samples are delivered to user clients
and mixed with the observed negative samples from local data as well as
in-batch negatives constructed from positive samples for federated model
training. Extensive experiments on four benchmark datasets show FedCL can
empower various recommendation methods in a privacy-preserving way.

### Title: Block Hunter: Federated Learning for Cyber Threat Hunting in Blockchain-based IIoT Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.09829v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09829v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Nowadays, blockchain-based technologies are being developed in various
industries to improve data security. In the context of the Industrial Internet
of Things (IIoT), a chain-based network is one of the most notable applications
of blockchain technology. IIoT devices have become increasingly prevalent in
our digital world, especially in support of developing smart factories.
Although blockchain is a powerful tool, it is vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Detecting anomalies in blockchain-based IIoT networks in smart factories is
crucial in protecting networks and systems from unexpected attacks. In this
paper, we use Federated Learning (FL) to build a threat hunting framework
called Block Hunter to automatically hunt for attacks in blockchain-based IIoT
networks. Block Hunter utilizes a cluster-based architecture for anomaly
detection combined with several machine learning models in a federated
environment. To the best of our knowledge, Block Hunter is the first federated
threat hunting model in IIoT networks that identifies anomalous behavior while
preserving privacy. Our results prove the efficiency of the Block Hunter in
detecting anomalous activities with high accuracy and minimum required
bandwidth.

