# protect

## 04-20

### Title: Highly Tunable and Strong Bound Exciton in MoSi2N4 via Strain Engineering
* Paper ID: 2204.08911v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08911v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08911v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Motivated by the recently synthesized layered material MoSi2N4, we
investigated excitonic response of quasiparticle of monolayer MoSi2N4 by using
G0W0 and Bethe-Salpeter equation (BSE) calculations. With a dually sandwiched
structure consisting of a central MoN2 layer analogue of 2H-MoS2 capped with
silicon-nitrogen (SiN) honeycomb outer layers, MoSi2N4 possesses frontier
orbitals confined at the central MoN2 layer with similar sub-valley at K-point
as 2H-MoS2. The valley splitting (~130 meV) due to the spin-orbital coupling
(SOC) gives rise to a doublet in the spectrum. Excitons in MoSi2N4 shows a
strong binding energy up to 0.95 eV with the optical bandgap of 2.44 eV. Both
electronic and optical gaps are highly sensitive to tensile strains and become
redshift albeit a marginal change of exciton binding energy. With the
protection of capped SiN layers, quantum confined excitons in MoSi2N4 without
the need of additional passivation layer like BN would provide a bright new
platform for robust emission with partially screened disturbance from
environment.

### Title: Invertible Mask Network for Face Privacy-Preserving
* Paper ID: 2204.08895v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08895v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08895v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Face privacy-preserving is one of the hotspots that arises dramatic interests
of research. However, the existing face privacy-preserving methods aim at
causing the missing of semantic information of face and cannot preserve the
reusability of original facial information. To achieve the naturalness of the
processed face and the recoverability of the original protected face, this
paper proposes face privacy-preserving method based on Invertible "Mask"
Network (IMN). In IMN, we introduce a Mask-net to generate "Mask" face firstly.
Then, put the "Mask" face onto the protected face and generate the masked face,
in which the masked face is indistinguishable from "Mask" face. Finally, "Mask"
face can be put off from the masked face and obtain the recovered face to the
authorized users, in which the recovered face is visually indistinguishable
from the protected face. The experimental results show that the proposed method
can not only effectively protect the privacy of the protected face, but also
almost perfectly recover the protected face from the masked face.

### Title: Steering Edge Currents through a Floquet-Topological Insulator
* Paper ID: 2204.08873v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08873v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08873v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Periodic driving may cause topologically protected, chiral transport along
edges of a 2D lattice that, without driving, would be topologically trivial. We
study what happens if one adds a different on-site potential along the diagonal
of such a 2D grid. In addition to the usual bulk and edge states, the system
then also exhibits doublon states, analogous to two interacting particles in
one dimension. A particle initially located at an edge propagates along the
system's boundary. Its wavefunction splits when it hits the diagonal and
continues propagating simultaneously along the edge and the diagonal. The
strength of the diagonal potential determines the ratio between both parts. We
show that for specific values of the diagonal potential, hopping onto the
diagonal is prohibited so that the system effectively separates into two
triangular lattices. For other values of the diagonal potential, we find a
temporal delay between the two contributions traveling around and through the
system. This behavior could enable the steering of topologically protected
transport of light along the edges and through the bulk of laser-inscribed
photonic waveguide arrays.

### Title: Differentiating Network Flows for Priority-Aware Scheduling of Incoming Packets in Real-Time IoT Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.08846v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08846v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08846v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: When IP-packet processing is unconditionally carried out on behalf of an
operating system kernel thread, processing systems can experience overload in
high incoming traffic scenarios. This is especially worrying for embedded
real-time devices controlling their physical environment in industrial IoT
scenarios and automotive systems. We propose an embedded real-time aware IP
stack adaption with an early demultiplexing scheme for incoming packets and
subsequent per-flow aperiodic scheduling. By instrumenting existing embedded IP
stacks, rigid prioritization with minimal latency is deployed without the need
of further task resources. Simple mitigation techniques can be applied to
individual flows, causing hardly measurable overhead while at the same time
protecting the system from overload conditions. Our IP stack adaption is able
to reduce the low-priority packet processing time by over 86% compared to an
unmodified stack. The network subsystem can thereby remain active at a 7x
higher general traffic load before disabling the receive IRQ as a last resort
to assure deadlines.

### Title: Glass transition as a topological phase transition
* Paper ID: 2204.08737v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08737v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08737v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The glass transition is considered as a phase transition in the system of
topologically protected excitations in matter structure. The critical behavior
of the system is considered both in statics and dynamics cases. It is shown in
the simple model describing the topological defects system in the elastic
medium with non-zero shear modulus, most of characteristic thermodynamic and
kinetic properties of glass transition are reproduced: the
Vogel--Fulcher--Tammann law; the behavior of susceptibility, and non-linear
susceptibilities; heat capacity behavior; and boson peak near the glass
transition temperature.

### Title: Quantum-Secured Space-Air-Ground Integrated Networks: Concept, Framework, and Case Study
* Paper ID: 2204.08673v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08673v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08673v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In the upcoming 6G era, existing terrestrial networks have evolved toward
space-air-ground integrated networks (SAGIN), providing ultra-high data rates,
seamless network coverage, and ubiquitous intelligence for communications of
applications and services. However, conventional communications in SAGIN still
face data confidentiality issues. Fortunately, the concept of Quantum Key
Distribution (QKD) over SAGIN is able to provide information-theoretic security
for secure communications in SAGIN with quantum cryptography. Therefore, in
this paper, we propose the quantum-secured SAGIN which is feasible to achieve
proven secure communications using quantum mechanics to protect data channels
between space, air, and ground nodes. Moreover, we propose a universal QKD
service provisioning framework to minimize the cost of QKD services under the
uncertainty and dynamics of communications in quantum-secured SAGIN. In this
framework, fiber-based QKD services are deployed in passive optical networks
with the advantages of low loss and high stability. Moreover, the widely
covered and flexible satellite- and UAV-based QKD services are provisioned as a
supplement during the real-time data transmission phase. Finally, to examine
the effectiveness of the proposed concept and framework, a case study of
quantum-secured SAGIN in the Metaverse is conducted where uncertain and dynamic
factors of the secure communications in Metaverse applications are effectively
resolved in the proposed framework.

### Title: Toward Understanding the Use of Centralized Exchanges for Decentralized Cryptocurrency
* Paper ID: 2204.08664v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08664v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08664v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cryptocurrency has been extensively studied as a decentralized financial
technology built on blockchain. However, there is a lack of understanding of
user experience with cryptocurrency exchanges, the main means for novice users
to interact with cryptocurrency. We conduct a qualitative study to provide a
panoramic view of user experience and security perception of exchanges. All 15
Chinese participants mainly use centralized exchanges (CEX) instead of
decentralized exchanges (DEX) to trade decentralized cryptocurrency, which is
paradoxical. A closer examination reveals that CEXes provide better usability
and charge lower transaction fee than DEXes. Country-specific security
perceptions are observed. Though DEXes provide better anonymity and privacy
protection, and are free of governmental regulation, these are not necessary
features for many participants. Based on the findings, we propose design
implications to make cryptocurrency trading more decentralized.

### Title: Superconductivity in the nodal-line compound La$_3$Pt$_3$Bi$_4$
* Paper ID: 2204.08658v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08658v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08658v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Owing to the specific topological states in nodal-line semimetals, novel
topological superconductivity is expected to emerge in these systems. In this
letter, by combination of the first-principles calculations and resistivity,
susceptibility and specific heat measurements, we demonstrate that
La$_3$Pt$_3$Bi$_4$ is a topologically nontrivial nodal-ring semimetal protected
by the gliding-mirror symmetry even in the presence of spin-orbit coupling.
Meanwhile, we discover bulk superconductivity with a transition temperature of
$\sim$1.1 K, and an upper critical field of $\sim$0.41 T. These findings
demonstrate that La$_3$Pt$_3$Bi$_4$ provides a material platform for studying
novel superconductivity in the nodal-ring system.

### Title: Poisons that are learned faster are more effective
* Paper ID: 2204.08615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Imperceptible poisoning attacks on entire datasets have recently been touted
as methods for protecting data privacy. However, among a number of defenses
preventing the practical use of these techniques, early-stopping stands out as
a simple, yet effective defense. To gauge poisons' vulnerability to
early-stopping, we benchmark error-minimizing, error-maximizing, and synthetic
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy over 100 epochs and make a number of
surprising observations. First, we find that poisons that reach a low training
loss faster have lower peak test accuracy. Second, we find that a current
state-of-the-art error-maximizing poison is 7 times less effective when poison
training is stopped at epoch 8. Third, we find that stronger, more transferable
adversarial attacks do not make stronger poisons. We advocate for evaluating
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy.

### Title: Quantum computing hardware for HEP algorithms and sensing
* Paper ID: 2204.08605v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08605v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08605v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum information science harnesses the principles of quantum mechanics to
realize computational algorithms with complexities vastly intractable by
current computer platforms. Typical applications range from quantum chemistry
to optimization problems and also include simulations for high energy physics.
The recent maturing of quantum hardware has triggered preliminary explorations
by several institutions (including Fermilab) of quantum hardware capable of
demonstrating quantum advantage in multiple domains, from quantum computing to
communications, to sensing. The Superconducting Quantum Materials and Systems
(SQMS) Center, led by Fermilab, is dedicated to providing breakthroughs in
quantum computing and sensing, mediating quantum engineering and HEP based
material science. The main goal of the Center is to deploy quantum systems with
superior performance tailored to the algorithms used in high energy physics. In
this Snowmass paper, we discuss the two most promising superconducting quantum
architectures for HEP algorithms, i.e. three-level systems (qutrits) supported
by transmon devices coupled to planar devices and multi-level systems (qudits
with arbitrary N energy levels) supported by superconducting 3D cavities. For
each architecture, we demonstrate exemplary HEP algorithms and identify the
current challenges, ongoing work and future opportunities. Furthermore, we
discuss the prospects and complexities of interconnecting the different
architectures and individual computational nodes. Finally, we review several
different strategies of error protection and correction and discuss their
potential to improve the performance of the two architectures. This whitepaper
seeks to reach out to the HEP community and drive progress in both HEP research
and QIS hardware.

### Title: Context-Auditor: Context-sensitive Content Injection Mitigation
* Paper ID: 2204.08592v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08592v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cross-site scripting (XSS) is the most common vulnerability class in web
applications over the last decade. Much research attention has focused on
building exploit mitigation defenses for this problem, but no technique
provides adequate protection in the face of advanced attacks. One technique
that bypasses XSS mitigations is the scriptless attack: a content injection
technique that uses (among other options) CSS and HTML injection to infiltrate
data. In studying this technique and others, we realized that the common
property among the exploitation of all content injection vulnerabilities,
including not just XSS and scriptless attacks, but also command injections and
several others, is an unintended context switch in the victim program's parsing
engine that is caused by untrusted user input.
  In this paper, we propose Context-Auditor, a novel technique that leverages
this insight to identify content injection vulnerabilities ranging from XSS to
scriptless attacks and command injections. We implemented Context-Auditor as a
general solution to content injection exploit detection problem in the form of
a flexible, stand-alone detection module. We deployed instances of
Context-Auditor as (1) a browser plugin, (2) a web proxy (3) a web server
plugin, and (4) as a wrapper around potentially-injectable system endpoints.
Because Context-Auditor targets the root cause of content injection
exploitation (and, more specifically for the purpose of our prototype, XSS
exploitation, scriptless exploitation, and command injection), our evaluation
results demonstrate that Context-Auditor can identify and block content
injection exploits that modern defenses cannot while maintaining low throughput
overhead and avoiding false positives.

### Title: Topological order and entanglement dynamics in the measurement-only XZZX quantum code
* Paper ID: 2204.08489v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08489v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08489v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We examine the dynamics of a $(1+1)$-dimensional measurement-only circuit
defined by the stabilizers of the [[5,1,3]] quantum error correcting code
interrupted by single-qubit Pauli measurements. The code corrects arbitrary
single-qubit errors and it stabilizes an area law entangled state with a $D_2 =
\mathbb{Z}_2 \times \mathbb{Z}_2$ symmetry protected topological (SPT) order,
as well as a symmetry breaking (SB) order from a two-fold bulk degeneracy. The
Pauli measurements break the topological order and induce a phase transition
into a trivial area law phase. Allowing more than one type of Pauli measurement
increases the measurement-induced frustration, and the SPT and SB order can be
broken either simultaneously or separately at nonzero measurement rate. This
yields a rich phase diagram and unanticipated critical behavior at the phase
transitions. Although the correlation length exponent $\nu=\tfrac43$ and the
dynamical critical exponent $z=1$ are consistent with bond percolation, the
prefactor of the logarithmic entanglement growth may take non-integer multiples
of the percolation value. Remarkably, we identify a robust transient scaling
regime for the purification dynamics of $L$ qubits. It reveals a modified
dynamical critical exponent $z^*\neq z$, which is observable up to times $t\sim
L^{z^*}$ and is reminiscent of the relaxation of critical systems into a
prethermal state.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Proton Stability: From the Standard Model to Ultra Unification
* Paper ID: 2204.08393v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08393v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08393v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: For the 4d Standard Model (SM) with Lie group $G_{{\rm SM}_q} \equiv$
SU(3)$\times$SU(2)$\times$U(1)$_{\tilde Y}/\mathbb{Z}_q$ of $q=1,2,3,6$ with
$N_f$ family of 15 or 16 Weyl fermions, in addition to the continuous baryon
minus lepton U(1)$_{\bf B - L}$ symmetry, there is also a compatible discrete
baryon plus lepton $\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B + L}$ symmetry. The
$\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B + L}$ is discrete due to the ABJ anomaly under the
BPST SU(2) instanton. Although both U(1)$_{\bf B - L}$ and $\mathbb{Z}_{2N_f,
\bf B + L}$ symmetries are anomaly-free under the dynamically gauged $G_{{\rm
SM}_q}$, it is important to check whether they have mixed anomalies with the
gravitational background field (spacetime diffeomorphism under Spin group
rotation) and higher symmetries (whose charged objects are Wilson electric or
't Hooft magnetic line operators) of SM. We can also replace the U(1)$_{\bf B -
L}$ with a discrete variant $\mathbb{Z}_{4,X}$ for $X \equiv 5({\bf B -
L})-\frac{2}{3} {\tilde Y}$ of electroweak hypercharge ${\tilde Y}$. We explore
a systematic classification of candidate perturbative local and nonperturbative
global anomalies of the 4d SM, including all these gauge and gravitational
backgrounds, via a cobordism theory, which controls the SM's deformation class.
We discuss the proton stability of the SM and Ultra Unification in the presence
of (U(1)$_{\bf B - L} \times \mathbb{Z}_{2N_f,\bf B + L})/{\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm
F}}$ or $(\mathbb{Z}_{4,X} \times \mathbb{Z}_{2N_f, \bf B +
L})/{\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm F}}$ symmetry protection with the fermion parity
$\mathbb{Z}_2^{\rm F}$. While many Grand Unified Theories violating the
discrete $\bf B + L$ symmetry suffer from the proton decay, the SM and some
versions of Ultra Unification can have a stable proton.

### Title: A Predictive Model for Micrometeoroid Damage to Gossamer Structures
* Paper ID: 2204.08361v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08361v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08361v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A typical inflatable reflector for space application consists of two thin
membranes with a parabolic shape. It is critical to understand the interaction
of the inflatable and the micrometeoroid environment to which it is exposed.
This interaction leads to a series of penetrations of the inflatable membrane
on entrance and exit of the impacting particle, creating a pathway for gas
escape. To increase the fidelity of the damage expected, we examine the
literature for descriptions of micrometeoroid fragmentation and present a
theoretical formulation for the damage caused by an impacting particle to the
entrance and exit membranes. This theory is compared to an initial set of
hyper-velocity tests for micrometeoroid-sized particles on thin film membranes.
We use the results of these tests to produce a predictive model. This model is
applied to estimate the damage rate near the 1 AU location and output
predictions for the effectiveness of a micrometeoroid shield to reduce the
damage on the lenticular and effectively optimize its lifetime. Lastly, we
apply the kinetic theory of gasses to develop expressions for the expenditure
of gas over a specified mission lifetime due to penetrations. Although this
paper examines the specific case of an inflated lenticular protected by extra
membrane layers, our predictive model can be applied for any gossamer structure
composed of polyimide membranes.

### Title: PrivateRec: Differentially Private Training and Serving for Federated News Recommendation
* Paper ID: 2204.08146v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08146v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08146v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Privacy protection is an essential issue in personalized news recommendation,
and federated learning can potentially mitigate the privacy concern by training
personalized news recommendation models over decentralized user data.For a
theoretical privacy guarantee, differential privacy is necessary. However,
applying differential privacy to federated recommendation training and serving
conventionally suffers from the unsatisfactory trade-off between privacy and
utility due to the high-dimensional characteristics of model gradients and
hidden representations. In addition, there is no formal privacy guarantee for
both training and serving in federated recommendation. In this paper, we
propose a unified federated news recommendation method for effective and
privacy-preserving model training and online serving with differential privacy
guarantees. We first clarify the notion of differential privacy over users'
behavior data for both model training and online serving in the federated
recommendation scenario. Next, we propose a privacy-preserving online serving
mechanism under this definition with differentially private user interest
decomposition. More specifically, it decomposes the high-dimensional and
privacy-sensitive user embedding into a combination of public basic vectors and
adds noise to the combination coefficients. In this way, it can avoid the
dimension curse and improve the utility by reducing the required noise
intensity for differential privacy. Besides, we design a federated
recommendation model training method with differential privacy, which can avoid
the dimension-dependent noise for large models via label permutation and
differentially private attention modules. Experiments on real-world news
recommendation datasets validate the effectiveness of our method in achieving a
good trade-off between privacy protection and utility for federated news
recommendations.

### Title: A Practical Cross-Device Federated Learning Framework over 5G Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.08134v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The concept of federated learning (FL) was first proposed by Google in 2016.
Thereafter, FL has been widely studied for the feasibility of application in
various fields due to its potential to make full use of data without
compromising the privacy. However, limited by the capacity of wireless data
transmission, the employment of federated learning on mobile devices has been
making slow progress in practical. The development and commercialization of the
5th generation (5G) mobile networks has shed some light on this. In this paper,
we analyze the challenges of existing federated learning schemes for mobile
devices and propose a novel cross-device federated learning framework, which
utilizes the anonymous communication technology and ring signature to protect
the privacy of participants while reducing the computation overhead of mobile
devices participating in FL. In addition, our scheme implements a
contribution-based incentive mechanism to encourage mobile users to participate
in FL. We also give a case study of autonomous driving. Finally, we present the
performance evaluation of the proposed scheme and discuss some open issues in
federated learning.

