### Title: Non-abelian bosonization of fermion symmetry-protected topological states
* Paper ID: 2206.09393v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09393v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09393v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Applying the results of Ref.[1], we carry out the non-abelian bosonization
for a class of free fermion symmetry-protected topological states (SPTs). The
resulting boson theories are non-linear sigma models with topological $\theta$
term, thus unifying the field theory description of the (free) fermionic and
bosonic SPTs. Tuning $\theta$ from $0$ to $2\pi$ triggers the topological
trivial to non-trivial phase transitions. In addition, applying the same idea
to the symmetry-protected critical spin liquids, we obtain the NL$\s$ models
for spin SPTs living in one spatial dimension higher.

### Title: Privacy-Preserving Analytics on Decentralized Social Graphs: The Case of Eigendecomposition
* Paper ID: 2206.09388v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09388v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09388v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Analytics over social graphs allows to extract valuable knowledge and
insights for many fields like community detection, fraud detection, and
interest mining. In practice, decentralized social graphs frequently arise,
where the social graph is not available to a single entity and is decentralized
among a large number of users, each holding only a limited local view about the
whole graph. Collecting the local views for analytics of decentralized social
graphs raises critical privacy concerns, as they encode private information
about the social interactions among individuals. In this paper, we design,
implement, and evaluate PrivGED, a new system aimed at privacy-preserving
analytics over decentralized social graphs. PrivGED focuses on the support for
eigendecomposition, one popular and fundamental graph analytics task producing
eigenvalues/eigenvectors over the adjacency matrix of a social graph and
benefits various practical applications. PrivGED is built from a delicate
synergy of insights on graph analytics, lightweight cryptography, and
differential privacy, allowing users to securely contribute their local views
on a decentralized social graph for a cloud-based eigendecomposition analytics
service while gaining strong privacy protection. Extensive experiments over
real-world social graph datasets demonstrate that PrivGED achieves accuracy
comparable to the plaintext domain, with practically affordable performance
superior to prior art.

### Title: Optimal data-driven hiring with equity for underrepresented groups
* Paper ID: 2206.09300v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09300v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09300v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a data-driven prescriptive framework for fair decisions, motivated
by hiring. An employer evaluates a set of applicants based on their observable
attributes. The goal is to hire the best candidates while avoiding bias with
regard to a certain protected attribute. Simply ignoring the protected
attribute will not eliminate bias due to correlations in the data. We present a
hiring policy that depends on the protected attribute functionally, but not
statistically, and we prove that, among all possible fair policies, ours is
optimal with respect to the firm's objective. We test our approach on both
synthetic and real data, and find that it shows great practical potential to
improve equity for underrepresented and historically marginalized groups.

