### Title: Divisible Codes for Quantum Computation
* Paper ID: 2204.13176v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13176v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13176v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Divisible codes are defined by the property that codeword weights share a
common divisor greater than one. They are used to design signals for
communications and sensing, and this paper explores how they can be used to
protect quantum information as it is transformed by logical gates. Given a CSS
code $\mathcal{C}$, we derive conditions that are both necessary and sufficient
for a transversal diagonal physical operator $U_Z$ to preserve $\mathcal{C}$
and induce $U_L$. The group of $Z$-stabilizers in a CSS code $\mathcal{C}$ is
determined by the dual of a classical $[n, k_1]$ binary code $\mathcal{C}_1$,
and the group of $X$-stabilizers is determined by a classical $[n, k_2]$ binary
code $\mathcal{C}_2$ that is contained in $\mathcal{C}_1$. The requirement that
a diagonal physical operator $U_Z$ fixes a CSS code $\mathcal{C}$ leads to
constraints on the congruence of weights in cosets of $\mathcal{C}_2$. These
constraints are a perfect fit to divisible codes, and represent an opportunity
to take advantage of the extensive literature on classical codes with two or
three weights. We construct new families of CSS codes using cosets of the first
order Reed Muller code defined by quadratic forms. We provide a simple
alternative to the standard method of deriving the coset weight distributions
(based on Dickson normal form) that may be of independent interest. Finally, we
develop an approach to circumventing the Eastin-Knill Theorem which states that
no QECC can implement a universal set of logical gates through transversal
gates alone. The essential idea is to design stabilizer codes in layers, with
$N_1$ inner qubits and $N_2$ outer qubits, and to assemble a universal set of
fault tolerant gates on the inner qubits.

### Title: A Soft-Bodied Aerial Robot for Collision Resilience and Contact-Reactive Perching
* Paper ID: 2204.13155v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13155v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13155v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Compared to their biological counterparts, aerial robots demonstrate limited
capabilities when tasked to interact in unstructured environments. Very often,
the limitation lies in their inability to tolerate collisions and to
successfully land, or perch, on objects of unknown shape. Over the past years,
efforts to address this have introduced designs that incorporate mechanical
impact protection and grasping/perching structures at the cost of reduced
agility and flight time due to added weight and bulkiness. In this work, we
develop a fabric-based, soft-bodied aerial robot (SoBAR) composed of both
contact-reactive perching and embodied impact protection structures while
remaining lightweight and streamlined. The robot is capable to 1) pneumatically
vary its body stiffness for collision resilience and 2) utilize a hybrid
fabric-based, bistable (HFB) grasper to perform passive grasping. When compared
to conventional rigid drone frames the SoBAR successfully demonstrates its
ability to dissipate impact from head-on collisions and maintain flight
stability without any structural damage. Furthermore, in dynamic perching
scenarios the HFB grasper is capable to convert impact energy upon contact into
firm grasp through rapid body shape conforming in less than 4ms. We
exhaustively study and offer insights for this novel perching scheme through
grasping characterization, grasp wrench analysis, and experimental grasping
validations in objects with various shapes. Finally, we demonstrate the
complete control pipeline for SoBAR to approach an object, dynamically perch on
it, recover from it, and land.

### Title: LINA -- A social augmented reality game around mental health, supporting real-world connection and sense of belonging for early adolescents
* Paper ID: 2204.12917v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12917v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12917v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Early adolescence is a time of major social change; a strong sense of
belonging and peer connectedness is an essential protective factor in mental
health during that period. In this paper we introduce LINA, an augmented
reality (AR) smartphone-based serious game played in school by an entire class
(age 10+) together with their teacher, which aims to facilitate and improve
peer interaction, sense of belonging and class climate, while creating a safe
space to reflect on mental health and external stressors related to family
circumstance. LINA was developed through an interdisciplinary collaboration
involving a playwright, software developers, psychologists, and artists, via an
iterative co-development process with young people. A prototype has been
evaluated quantitatively for usability and qualitatively for efficacy in a
study with 91 early adolescents (agemean=11.41). Results from the Game User
Experience Satisfaction Scale (GUESS-18) and data from qualitative focus groups
showed high acceptability and preliminary efficacy of the game. Using AR, a
shared immersive narrative and collaborative gameplay in a shared physical
space offers an opportunity to harness adolescent affinity for digital
technology towards improving real-world social connection and sense of
belonging.

### Title: Epicardial Adipose Tissue Segmentation from CT Images with A Semi-3D Neural Network
* Paper ID: 2204.12904v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12904v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12904v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Epicardial adipose tissue is a type of adipose tissue located between the
heart wall and a protective layer around the heart called the pericardium. The
volume and thickness of epicardial adipose tissue are linked to various
cardiovascular diseases. It is shown to be an independent cardiovascular
disease risk factor. Fully automatic and reliable measurements of epicardial
adipose tissue from CT scans could provide better disease risk assessment and
enable the processing of large CT image data sets for a systemic epicardial
adipose tissue study. This paper proposes a method for fully automatic semantic
segmentation of epicardial adipose tissue from CT images using a deep neural
network. The proposed network uses a U-Net-based architecture with slice depth
information embedded in the input image to segment a pericardium region of
interest, which is used to obtain an epicardial adipose tissue segmentation.
Image augmentation is used to increase model robustness. Cross-validation of
the proposed method yields a Dice score of 0.86 on the CT scans of 20 patients.

### Title: Designer magnetic topological graphene nanoribbons
* Paper ID: 2204.12880v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12880v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12880v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The interplay of magnetism and topology lies at the heart of condensed matter
physics, which offers great opportunities to design intrinsic magnetic
topological materials hosting a variety of exotic topological quantum states
including the quantum anomalous Hall effect (QAHE), axion insulator state, and
Majorana bound states. Extending this concept to one-dimension (1D) systems
offers additional rich quantum spin physics with great promise for
molecular-scale spintronics. Despite recent progress in the discovery of
symmetry-protected topological quantum phases in 1D graphene nanoribbons
(GNRs), the rational design and realization of magnetic topological GNRs
(MT-GNRs) represents a grand challenge, as one must tackle multiple dimensions
of complexity including time-reversal symmetry (TRS), spatial symmetry (width,
edge, end geometry) and many-electron correlations. Here, we devised a new
route involving the real- and reciprocal-space descriptions by unifying the
chemists and physicists perspectives, for the design of such MT-GNRs with
non-trivial electronic topology and robust magnetic terminal. Classic Clar's
rule offers a conceptually qualitative real-space picture to predict the
transition from closed-shell to open-shell with terminal magnetism, and band
gap reopening with possible non-trivial electronic topology in a series of
wave-like GNRs, which are further verified by first principle calculations of
band-structure topology in a momentum-space. With the advance of on-surface
synthesis and careful design of molecular precursors, we have fabricated these
MT-GNRs with observation of topological edge bands, whose terminal pi-magnetism
can be directly captured using a single-nickelocene spin sensor. Moreover, the
transition from strong anti-ferromagnetic to weak coupling (paramagnetism-like)
between terminal spins can be controlled by tuning the length of MT-GNRs.

### Title: Transit Frequency Setting Problem with Demand Uncertainty
* Paper ID: 2204.12666v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12666v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12666v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Public transit systems are the backbone of efficient and sustainable urban
mobility systems in the era of urbanization. This paper proposes a transit
frequency setting model for a single transit line to generate transit schedules
that could better serve passengers. The proposed model optimizes both service
patterns and frequency for transit routes during a service period, and crowding
levels on transit vehicles are also considered. To handle demand uncertainties
when designing transit schedules, both stochastic programming and robust
optimization techniques are introduced to protect transit schedules against
inaccurate demand estimates. To address the computation complexity in both
extended models under large-scale demand matrices, a Bender decomposition
algorithm and two dimension reduction techniques are designed. The proposed
models will be tested with real-world data from Chicago Transit Authority
(CTA).

