### Title: Unlocking High-Accuracy Differentially Private Image Classification through Scale
* Paper ID: 2204.13650v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy](https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy)
* Summary: Differential Privacy (DP) provides a formal privacy guarantee preventing
adversaries with access to a machine learning model from extracting information
about individual training points. Differentially Private Stochastic Gradient
Descent (DP-SGD), the most popular DP training method, realizes this protection
by injecting noise during training. However previous works have found that
DP-SGD often leads to a significant degradation in performance on standard
image classification benchmarks. Furthermore, some authors have postulated that
DP-SGD inherently performs poorly on large models, since the norm of the noise
required to preserve privacy is proportional to the model dimension. In
contrast, we demonstrate that DP-SGD on over-parameterized models can perform
significantly better than previously thought. Combining careful hyper-parameter
tuning with simple techniques to ensure signal propagation and improve the
convergence rate, we obtain a new SOTA on CIFAR-10 of 81.4% under (8,
10^{-5})-DP using a 40-layer Wide-ResNet, improving over the previous SOTA of
71.7%. When fine-tuning a pre-trained 200-layer Normalizer-Free ResNet, we
achieve a remarkable 77.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet under (1, 8*10^{-7})-DP,
and achieve 81.1% under (8, 8*10^{-7})-DP. This markedly exceeds the previous
SOTA of 47.9% under a larger privacy budget of (10, 10^{-6})-DP. We believe our
results are a significant step towards closing the accuracy gap between private
and non-private image classification.

### Title: Omnimodal topological polarization of bilayer networks: theoretical characterization in the Maxwell limit and experiments on a 3D-printed prototype
* Paper ID: 2204.13615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Two-dimensional, critically-coordinated mechanical networks can exhibit
topologically polarized modes that are exponentially localized to a particular
edge; however, the coupling of such in-plane deformation to out-of-plane
curvature remains largely unexplored. Here, we investigate a class of
mechanical bilayers as a model system for designing topologically protected
edge modes beyond the in-plane paradigm. In particular, we apply the
spring-mass modeling framework, familiar to topological mechanics, to bilayers
with mirror-symmetric layers adjoined via a particular choice of interlayer
connections, and we show that a unified topological index can be defined,
thereby characterizing the omnimodal topological polarization of both in-plane
and out-of-plane modes. Furthermore, we quantify the manner in which these
flexural modes are lifted to finite frequencies while remaining localized when
the harmonic springs are replaced by elastic beams. This analysis is supported
by experiments conducted on a prototypical lattice fabricated via additive
manufacturing where we confirm both the edge selectivity and the frequency
selectivity of the mechanical structure.

### Title: Construction and classification of crystalline topological superconductor and insulators in three-dimensional interacting fermion systems
* Paper ID: 2204.13558v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13558v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13558v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The natural existences of crystalline symmetry in real materials manifest the
importance of understanding crystalline symmetry protected topological(SPT)
phases, especially for interacting systems. In this paper, we systematically
construct and classify all the crystalline topological superconductors and
insulators in three-dimensional (3D) interacting fermion systems using the
novel concept of topological crystal. The corresponding higher-order
topological surface theory can also be systematically studied via higher-order
bulk-boundary correspondence. In particular, we discover an intriguing fact
that almost all topological crystals with nontrivial 2D block-states are
intrinsically interacting topological phases that cannot be realized in any
free-fermion systems. Moreover, the crystalline equivalence principle for 3D
interacting fermionic systems is also verified, with an additional subtle
"twist" on the spin of fermions.

### Title: Protecting coherence from environment via Stark many-body localization in a Quantum-Dot Simulator
* Paper ID: 2204.13354v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13354v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13354v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Semiconductor platforms are emerging as a promising architecture for storing
and processing quantum information e.g., in \emph{ quantum dot spin qubits}.
These setups have relatively low nuclear noise, but charge noise coming from
many body interactions between the electrons is a major limiting factor with
scalability for a useful quantum computer. Here we show how an electric field
gradient, readily obtainable with semiconductor quantum dots, can be engineered
to induce local quantum coherent dynamical $\ell-$bits that have potential to
be used as logical qubits. We take into account the full (interacting) electron
and phonon dynamics, and \emph{analytically}, from first principles without any
approximation, show that these dynamical $\ell-$bits are protected from
\emph{all} sources noise for exponentially long times provided only that the
electron-phonon interaction is not completely non-local. Our work opens a new
venue for passive quantum error correction and scaling of semiconductor quantum
computers.

### Title: Actor-Critic Scheduling for Path-Aware Air-to-Ground Multipath Multimedia Delivery
* Paper ID: 2204.13343v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13343v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13343v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Reinforcement Learning (RL) has recently found wide applications in network
traffic management and control because some of its variants do not require
prior knowledge of network models. In this paper, we present a novel scheduler
for real-time multimedia delivery in multipath systems based on an Actor-Critic
(AC) RL algorithm. We focus on a challenging scenario of real-time video
streaming from an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) using multiple wireless paths.
The scheduler acting as an RL agent learns in real-time the optimal policy for
path selection, path rate allocation and redundancy estimation for flow
protection. The scheduler, implemented as a module of the GStreamer framework,
can be used in real or simulated settings. The simulation results show that our
scheduler can target a very low loss rate at the receiver by dynamically
adapting in real-time the scheduling policy to the path conditions without
performing training or relying on prior knowledge of network channel models.

### Title: Robots: the Century Past and the Century Ahead
* Paper ID: 2204.13331v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13331v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13331v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Let us reflect on the state of robotics. This year marks the $101$-st
anniversary of R.U.R., a play by the writer Karel \v{C}apek, often credited
with introducing the word "robot". The word used to refer to feudal forced
labourers in Slavic languages. Indeed, it points to one key characteristic of
robotic systems: they are mere slaves, have no rights, and execute our wills
instruction by instruction, without asking anything in return. The relationship
with us humans is commensalism; in biology, commensalism subsists between two
symbiotic species when one species benefits from it (robots boost productivity
for humans), while the other species neither benefits nor is harmed (can you
really argue that robots benefit from simply functioning?).
  We then distinguish robots from "living machines", that is, machines infused
with life. If living machines should ever become a reality, we would need to
shift our relationship with them from commensalism to mutualism. The
distinction is not subtle: we experience it every day with domesticated
animals, that exchange serfdom for forage and protection. This is because life
has evolved to resist any attempt at enslaving it; it is stubborn.
  In the path towards living machines, let us ask: what has been achieved by
robotics in the last $100$ years? What is left to accomplish in the next $100$
years? For us, the answers boil down to three words: juice, need (or death),
and embodiment, as we shall see in the following.

### Title: Shielding Federated Learning: Robust Aggregation with Adaptive Client Selection
* Paper ID: 2204.13256v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning (FL) enables multiple clients to collaboratively train an
accurate global model while protecting clients' data privacy. However, FL is
susceptible to Byzantine attacks from malicious participants. Although the
problem has gained significant attention, existing defenses have several flaws:
the server irrationally chooses malicious clients for aggregation even after
they have been detected in previous rounds; the defenses perform ineffectively
against sybil attacks or in the heterogeneous data setting.
  To overcome these issues, we propose MAB-RFL, a new method for robust
aggregation in FL. By modelling the client selection as an extended multi-armed
bandit (MAB) problem, we propose an adaptive client selection strategy to
choose honest clients that are more likely to contribute high-quality updates.
We then propose two approaches to identify malicious updates from sybil and
non-sybil attacks, based on which rewards for each client selection decision
can be accurately evaluated to discourage malicious behaviors. MAB-RFL achieves
a satisfying balance between exploration and exploitation on the potential
benign clients. Extensive experimental results show that MAB-RFL outperforms
existing defenses in three attack scenarios under different percentages of
attackers.

