### Title: Understanding RowHammer Under Reduced Wordline Voltage: An Experimental Study Using Real DRAM Devices
* Paper ID: 2206.09999v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09999v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09999v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: RowHammer is a circuit-level DRAM vulnerability, where repeatedly activating
and precharging a DRAM row, and thus alternating the voltage of a row's
wordline between low and high voltage levels, can cause bit flips in physically
nearby rows. Recent DRAM chips are more vulnerable to RowHammer: with
technology node scaling, the minimum number of activate-precharge cycles to
induce a RowHammer bit flip reduces and the RowHammer bit error rate increases.
Therefore, it is critical to develop effective and scalable approaches to
protect modern DRAM systems against RowHammer. To enable such solutions, it is
essential to develop a deeper understanding of the RowHammer vulnerability of
modern DRAM chips. However, even though the voltage toggling on a wordline is a
key determinant of RowHammer vulnerability, no prior work experimentally
demonstrates the effect of wordline voltage (VPP) on the RowHammer
vulnerability. Our work closes this gap in understanding.
  This is the first work to experimentally demonstrate on 272 real DRAM chips
that lowering VPP reduces a DRAM chip's RowHammer vulnerability. We show that
lowering VPP 1) increases the number of activate-precharge cycles needed to
induce a RowHammer bit flip by up to 85.8% with an average of 7.4% across all
tested chips and 2) decreases the RowHammer bit error rate by up to 66.9% with
an average of 15.2% across all tested chips. At the same time, reducing VPP
marginally worsens a DRAM cell's access latency, charge restoration, and data
retention time within the guardbands of system-level nominal timing parameters
for 208 out of 272 tested chips. We conclude that reducing VPP is a promising
strategy for reducing a DRAM chip's RowHammer vulnerability without requiring
modifications to DRAM chips.

### Title: Multiple Fairness and Cardinality constraints for Students-Topics Grouping Problem
* Paper ID: 2206.09895v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09895v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09895v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Group work is a prevalent activity in educational settings, where students
are often divided into topic-specific groups based on their preferences. The
grouping should reflect the students' aspirations as much as possible. Usually,
the resulting groups should also be balanced in terms of protected attributes
like gender or race since studies indicate that students might learn better in
a diverse group. Moreover, balancing the group cardinalities is also an
essential requirement for fair workload distribution across the groups. In this
paper, we introduce the multi-fair capacitated (MFC) grouping problem that
fairly partitions students into non-overlapping groups while ensuring balanced
group cardinalities (with a lower bound and an upper bound), and maximizing the
diversity of members in terms of protected attributes. We propose two
approaches: a heuristic method and a knapsack-based method to obtain the MFC
grouping. The experiments on a real dataset and a semi-synthetic dataset show
that our proposed methods can satisfy students' preferences well and deliver
balanced and diverse groups regarding cardinality and the protected attribute,
respectively.

### Title: On axion insulator NpBi
* Paper ID: 2206.09815v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09815v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09815v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Axion insulators are generally understood as magnetic topological insulators
whose Chern-Simons axion coupling term is quantized and equal to $\pi$.
Inversion, or the composition of time-reversal with a rotation, are symmetries
which protect this invariant. In this work, we focus our attention on the
composition of a 2-fold rotation with time reversal, and we show that
insulators with this symmetry possess a $\mathbb{Z}_2$ invariant arising from
Atiyah's real K-theory. We call this invariant the K-theory Kane-Mele invariant
due to the similarities it has with the Kane-Mele invariant for systems with
time-reversal symmetry. We demonstrate that this invariant is equivalent to the
Chern-Simons axion coupling, and in the presence of the inversion symmetry, we
show how this invariant could be obtained from the eigenvalues of the inversion
operator on its fixed points in momentum space. Using an effective Hamiltonian
model and first-principles calculations, we also show that the occurrence of
bulk-band inversion and nontrivial K-theory Kane-Mele invariant index can be
observed in axion insulators of the pnictides family. In particular, we
demonstrate that NpBi can be classified as an axion insulator due to the
detection of additional topological indicators such as the quantum spin Hall
effect, gapped surface states, surface quantized anomalous Hall effect, and
chiral hinge modes.

### Title: Superconducting routing platform for control and read-out of spin qubits
* Paper ID: 2206.09727v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09727v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09727v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: To reach large-scale quantum computing, three-dimensional integration of
scalable qubit arrays and their control electronics in multi-chip assemblies is
promising. Within these assemblies, the use of superconducting
interconnections, as routing layers, offers interesting perspective in term of
(1) thermal management to protect the qubits from control electronics
self-heating, (2) passive device performance with significant increase of
quality factors and (3) density rise of low and high frequency signals thanks
to minimal dispersion. We report on the fabrication, using 200 mm silicon wafer
technologies, of a multi-layer routing platform designed for the hybridation of
spin qubit and control electronics chips. A routing level couples the qubits
and the control circuits through one layer of Al0.995Cu0.005 and
superconducting layers of TiN, Nb or NbN, connected between them by W-based
vias. Wafer-level parametric tests at 300 K validate the yield of these
technologies and low temperature electrical measurements in cryostat are used
to extract the superconducting properties of the routing layers. Preliminary
low temperature radio-frequency characterizations of superconducting passive
elements, embedded in these routing levels, are presented.

### Title: The Fallacy of AI Functionality
* Paper ID: 2206.09511v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09511v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09511v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deployed AI systems often do not work. They can be constructed haphazardly,
deployed indiscriminately, and promoted deceptively. However, despite this
reality, scholars, the press, and policymakers pay too little attention to
functionality. This leads to technical and policy solutions focused on
"ethical" or value-aligned deployments, often skipping over the prior question
of whether a given system functions, or provides any benefits at all.To
describe the harms of various types of functionality failures, we analyze a set
of case studies to create a taxonomy of known AI functionality issues. We then
point to policy and organizational responses that are often overlooked and
become more readily available once functionality is drawn into focus. We argue
that functionality is a meaningful AI policy challenge, operating as a
necessary first step towards protecting affected communities from algorithmic
harm.

