### Title: Towards a High Efficiency of Native NDN over Wi-Fi 6 for the Internet of Vehicles
* Paper ID: 2204.13213v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13213v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13213v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Named Data Networking (NDN) is a top-notched architecture to deal with
content distribution over the Internet. With the explosion of video streaming
transmission and future massive Internet of Things and Vehicles (IoT/IoV)
traffic, evolving Wi-Fi networks will play an essential role in such
ecosystems. However, Native NDN deployment over wireless networks may not
perform well. Wi-Fi broadcasts/multicasts result in reduced throughput due to
the usage of basic service mode. Despite recent initial works addressing that
issue, further studies and proposals are required to boost the adoption of
Native NDN. We advocate that an initial step towards designing a feasible
Native NDN over wireless networks should be understanding the challenges in
emerging scenarios and providing a uniform baseline to compare and advance
proposals. To this end, first, we highlight some challenges and directions to
improve throughput and energy efficiency, reduce processing overhead, and
security issues. Next, we propose a variant of NDN that minimizes the problems
identified by performing transmission via unicast to avoid storms in wireless
networks. Finally, we conducted a performance evaluation to compare Standard
Native NDN with our proposal on Wi-Fi 6 vehicular networks. The results show
that our proposal outperforms the Standard NDN in the evaluated scenarios,
reaching values close to 89% of satisfied requests, achieving more than 200% of
data received than Standard NDN.

### Title: Surviving Early Career Research and Beyond in the Physics of Life: A concise user guide
* Paper ID: 2204.13189v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13189v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13189v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Early Career Researcher (ECR) development is a dynamic challenge that
tensions the urge to perform ground-breaking research against an ultimate
practical aspiration of establishing an acceptable level of job security. There
is no typical career path for an ECR, least of all in the area of the Physics
of Life or Biophysics/Biological Physics. Being explicitly interdisciplinary
across the physical-life sciences interface presents more opportunities for a
multiplicity of career trajectories through different home academic
institutions and departments, as well as offering a broader range of
alternative future career trajectories in non-academic sectors. That said,
there are key common features, such as the transient nature of fixed-term
postdoc contracts, the substantial research and domestic challenges that these
present, and the often overwhelming pressures of the realities of competition
in the job market. In this short article I outline the key challenges to ECRs
in the Physics of Life and discuss simple strategies to manage and potentially
overcome them.

### Title: Channel Modeling for Physically Secure Electro-Quasistatic In-Body to Out-of-Body Communication with Galvanic Tx and Multimodal Rx
* Paper ID: 2204.13184v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13184v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13184v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Increasing number of devices being used in and around the human body has
resulted in the exploration of the human body as a communication medium. In
this paper, we design a channel model for implantable devices communicating
outside the body using physically secure Electro-Quasistatic Human Body
Communication. A galvanic receiver shows 5dB lower path loss than capacitive
receiver when placed close to transmitter whereas a capacitive receiver has
around 15dB lower path loss for larger separation between the transmitter and
receiver. Finite Element Method (FEM) based simulations are used to analyze the
communication channel for different receiver topologies and experimental data
is used to validate the simulation results.

### Title: A Quantitative Analysis of Physical Security and Path Loss With Frequency for IBOB Channel
* Paper ID: 2204.13181v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13181v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13181v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Security vulnerabilities demonstrated in implantable medical devices have
opened the door for research into physically secure and low power communication
methodologies. In this study, we perform a comparative analysis of commonly
used ISM frequency bands and human body communication (HBC) for data transfer
from in-body to out-of-body (IBOB). We develop a figure of merit (FoM) that
comprises of the critical parameters to quantitatively compare the
communication methodologies. We perform finite-element method (FEM)-based
simulations and experiments to validate the FoM developed.

### Title: An Adversarial Attack Analysis on Malicious Advertisement URL Detection Framework
* Paper ID: 2204.13172v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13172v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13172v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Malicious advertisement URLs pose a security risk since they are the source
of cyber-attacks, and the need to address this issue is growing in both
industry and academia. Generally, the attacker delivers an attack vector to the
user by means of an email, an advertisement link or any other means of
communication and directs them to a malicious website to steal sensitive
information and to defraud them. Existing malicious URL detection techniques
are limited and to handle unseen features as well as generalize to test data.
In this study, we extract a novel set of lexical and web-scrapped features and
employ machine learning technique to set up system for fraudulent advertisement
URLs detection. The combination set of six different kinds of features
precisely overcome the obfuscation in fraudulent URL classification. Based on
different statistical properties, we use twelve different formatted datasets
for detection, prediction and classification task. We extend our prediction
analysis for mismatched and unlabelled datasets. For this framework, we analyze
the performance of four machine learning techniques: Random Forest, Gradient
Boost, XGBoost and AdaBoost in the detection part. With our proposed method, we
can achieve a false negative rate as low as 0.0037 while maintaining high
accuracy of 99.63%. Moreover, we devise a novel unsupervised technique for data
clustering using K- Means algorithm for the visual analysis. This paper
analyses the vulnerability of decision tree-based models using the limited
knowledge attack scenario. We considered the exploratory attack and implemented
Zeroth Order Optimization adversarial attack on the detection models.

### Title: Systematic Literature Review: Anti-Phishing Defences and Their Application to Before-the-click Phishing Email Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.13054v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13054v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13054v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Most research into anti-phishing defence assumes that the mal-actor is
attempting to harvest end-users' personally identifiable information or login
credentials and, hence, focuses on detecting phishing websites. The defences
for this type of attack are usually activated after the end-user clicks on a
link, at which point the link is checked. This is known as after-the-click
detection. However, more sophisticated phishing attacks (such as spear-phishing
and whaling) are rarely designed to get the end-user to visit a website.
Instead, they attempt to get the end-user to perform some other action, for
example, transferring money from their bank account to the mal-actors account.
These attacks are rarer, and before-the-click defence has been investigated
less than after-the-click defence. To better integrate and contextualize these
studies in the overall anti-phishing research, this paper presents a systematic
literature review of proposed anti-phishing defences. From a total of 6330
papers, 21 primary studies and 335 secondary studies were identified and
examined. The current research was grouped into six primary categories,
blocklist/allowlist, heuristics, content, visual, artificial
intelligence/machine learning and proactive, with an additional category of
"other" for detection techniques that do not fit into any of the primary
categories. It then discusses the performance and suitability of using these
techniques for detecting phishing emails before the end-user even reads the
email. Finally, it suggests some promising areas for further research.

### Title: Spending Privacy Budget Fairly and Wisely
* Paper ID: 2204.12903v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12903v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12903v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Differentially private (DP) synthetic data generation is a practical method
for improving access to data as a means to encourage productive partnerships.
One issue inherent to DP is that the "privacy budget" is generally "spent"
evenly across features in the data set. This leads to good statistical parity
with the real data, but can undervalue the conditional probabilities and
marginals that are critical for predictive quality of synthetic data. Further,
loss of predictive quality may be non-uniform across the data set, with subsets
that correspond to minority groups potentially suffering a higher loss.
  In this paper, we develop ensemble methods that distribute the privacy budget
"wisely" to maximize predictive accuracy of models trained on DP data, and
"fairly" to bound potential disparities in accuracy across groups and reduce
inequality. Our methods are based on the insights that feature importance can
inform how privacy budget is allocated, and, further, that per-group feature
importance and fairness-related performance objectives can be incorporated in
the allocation. These insights make our methods tunable to social contexts,
allowing data owners to produce balanced synthetic data for predictive
analysis.

### Title: Prediction Approach against DDoS Attack based on Machine Learning Multiclassfier
* Paper ID: 2204.12855v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12855v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12855v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: DDoS attacks, also known as distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks,
have emerged as one of the most serious and fastest-growing threats on the
Internet. Denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks are an example of cyber attacks that
target a specific system or network in an attempt to render it inaccessible or
unusable for a period of time. As a result, improving the detection of diverse
types of DDoS cyber threats with better algorithms and higher accuracy while
keeping the computational cost under control has become the most significant
component of detecting DDoS cyber threats. In order to properly defend the
targeted network or system, it is critical to first determine the sort of DDoS
assault that has been launched against it. A number of ensemble classification
techniques are presented in this paper, which combines the performance of
various algorithms. They are then compared to existing Machine Learning
Algorithms in terms of their effectiveness in detecting different types of DDoS
attacks using accuracy, F1 scores, and ROC curves. The results show high
accuracy and good performance.

### Title: Detecting Backdoor Poisoning Attacks on Deep Neural Networks by Heatmap Clustering
* Paper ID: 2204.12848v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12848v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12848v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: [https://github.com/lukasschulth/ma-detection-of-poisoning-attacks](https://github.com/lukasschulth/ma-detection-of-poisoning-attacks)
* Summary: Predicitions made by neural networks can be fraudulently altered by so-called
poisoning attacks. A special case are backdoor poisoning attacks. We study
suitable detection methods and introduce a new method called Heatmap
Clustering. There, we apply a $k$-means clustering algorithm on heatmaps
produced by the state-of-the-art explainable AI method Layer-wise relevance
propagation. The goal is to separate poisoned from un-poisoned data in the
dataset. We compare this method with a similar method, called Activation
Clustering, which also uses $k$-means clustering but applies it on the
activation of certain hidden layers of the neural network as input. We test the
performance of both approaches for standard backdoor poisoning attacks,
label-consistent poisoning attacks and label-consistent poisoning attacks with
reduced amplitude stickers. We show that Heatmap Clustering consistently
performs better than Activation Clustering. However, when considering
label-consistent poisoning attacks, the latter method also yields good
detection performance.

### Title: A Survey on XAI for Beyond 5G Security: Technical Aspects, Use Cases, Challenges and Research Directions
* Paper ID: 2204.12822v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12822v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12822v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the advent of 5G commercialization, the need for more reliable, faster,
and intelligent telecommunication systems are envisaged for the next generation
beyond 5G (B5G) radio access technologies. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and
Machine Learning (ML) are not just immensely popular in the service layer
applications but also have been proposed as essential enablers in many aspects
of B5G networks, from IoT devices and edge computing to cloud-based
infrastructures. However, most of the existing surveys in B5G security focus on
the performance of AI/ML models and their accuracy, but they often overlook the
accountability and trustworthiness of the models' decisions. Explainable AI
(XAI) methods are promising techniques that would allow system developers to
identify the internal workings of AI/ML black-box models. The goal of using XAI
in the security domain of B5G is to allow the decision-making processes of the
security of systems to be transparent and comprehensible to stakeholders making
the systems accountable for automated actions. In every facet of the
forthcoming B5G era, including B5G technologies such as RAN, zero-touch network
management, E2E slicing, this survey emphasizes the role of XAI in them and the
use cases that the general users would ultimately enjoy. Furthermore, we
presented the lessons learned from recent efforts and future research
directions on top of the currently conducted projects involving XAI.

### Title: Quantum Prudent Contracts with Applications to Bitcoin
* Paper ID: 2204.12806v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12806v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12806v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Smart contracts are cryptographic protocols that are enforced without a
judiciary. Smart contracts are used occasionally in Bitcoin and are prevalent
in Ethereum. Public quantum money improves upon cash we use today, yet the
current constructions do not enable smart contracts. In this work, we define
and introduce quantum payment schemes, and show how to implement prudent
contracts -- a non-trivial subset of the functionality that a network such as
Ethereum provides. Examples discussed include: multi-signature wallets in which
funds can be spent by any 2-out-of-3 owners; restricted accounts that can send
funds only to designated destinations; and "colored coins" that can represent
stocks that can be freely traded, and their owner would receive dividends. Our
approach is not as universal as the one used in Ethereum since we do not reach
a consensus regarding the state of a ledger. We call our proposal prudent
contracts to reflect this. The main building block is either quantum tokens for
digital signatures (Ben-David and Sattath QCrypt'17, Coladangelo et al.
Crypto'21), semi-quantum tokens for digital signatures (Shmueli'22) or one-shot
signatures (Amos et al. STOC'20). The solution has all the benefits of public
quantum money: no mining is necessary, and the security model is standard
(e.g., it is not susceptible to 51\% attacks, as in Bitcoin). Our one-shot
signature construction can be used to upgrade the Bitcoin network to a quantum
payment scheme. Notable advantages of this approach are: transactions are
locally verifiable and without latency, the throughput is unbounded, and most
importantly, it would remove the need for Bitcoin mining. Our approach requires
a universal large-scale quantum computer and long-term quantum memory; hence we
do not expect it to be implementable in the next few years.

### Title: Generating Examples From CLI Usage: Can Transformers Help?
* Paper ID: 2204.12648v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12648v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12648v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-27
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Continuous evolution in modern software often causes documentation,
tutorials, and examples to be out of sync with changing interfaces and
frameworks. Relying on outdated documentation and examples can lead programs to
fail or be less efficient or even less secure. In response, programmers need to
regularly turn to other resources on the web such as StackOverflow for examples
to guide them in writing software. We recognize that this inconvenient,
error-prone, and expensive process can be improved by using machine learning
applied to software usage data. In this paper, we present our practical system
which uses machine learning on large-scale telemetry data and documentation
corpora, generating appropriate and complex examples that can be used to
improve documentation. We discuss both feature-based and transformer-based
machine learning approaches and demonstrate that our system achieves 100%
coverage for the used functionalities in the product, providing up-to-date
examples upon every release and reduces the numbers of PRs submitted by
software owners writing and editing documentation by >68%. We also share
valuable lessons learnt during the 3 years that our production quality system
has been deployed for Azure Cloud Command Line Interface (Azure CLI).

