### Title: The Active Galactic Nuclei in the Hobby-Eberly Telescope Dark Energy Experiment Survey (HETDEX) I. Sample selection
* Paper ID: 2204.13658v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13658v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13658v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present the first Active Galactic Nuclei (AGN) catalog in the Hobby-Eberly
Telescope Dark Energy Experiment Survey (HETDEX) observed between January 2017
and June 2020. HETDEX is an ongoing spectroscopic survey with no pre-selection
based on magnitudes, colors or morphologies, enabling us to select AGN based on
their spectral features. Both luminous quasars and low-luminosity Seyferts are
found in our catalog. AGN candidates are selected with at least two significant
AGN emission lines, such as the LyA and CIV line pair, or with single broad
emission lines (FWHM > 1000 km/s). Each source is further confirmed by visual
inspections. This catalog contains 5,322 AGN, covering an effective sky
coverage of 30.61 deg^2. A total of 3,733 of these AGN have secure redshifts,
and we provide redshift estimates for the remaining 1,589 single broad-line AGN
with no cross matched spectral redshifts from SDSS DR14Q. The redshift range of
the AGN catalog is 0.25 < z < 4.32, with a median of z = 2.1. The bolometric
luminosity range is 10^9-10^14 Lsun with a median of 10^12 Lsun. The median
r-band magnitude of the AGN is 21.6 mag, with 34% of the AGN have r > 22.5, and
2.6% reaching the detection limit at r ~ 26 mag of the deepest imaging surveys
we searched. We also provide a composite spectrum of the AGN sample covering
700 AA - 4400 AA.

### Title: Unlocking High-Accuracy Differentially Private Image Classification through Scale
* Paper ID: 2204.13650v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy](https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy)
* Summary: Differential Privacy (DP) provides a formal privacy guarantee preventing
adversaries with access to a machine learning model from extracting information
about individual training points. Differentially Private Stochastic Gradient
Descent (DP-SGD), the most popular DP training method, realizes this protection
by injecting noise during training. However previous works have found that
DP-SGD often leads to a significant degradation in performance on standard
image classification benchmarks. Furthermore, some authors have postulated that
DP-SGD inherently performs poorly on large models, since the norm of the noise
required to preserve privacy is proportional to the model dimension. In
contrast, we demonstrate that DP-SGD on over-parameterized models can perform
significantly better than previously thought. Combining careful hyper-parameter
tuning with simple techniques to ensure signal propagation and improve the
convergence rate, we obtain a new SOTA on CIFAR-10 of 81.4% under (8,
10^{-5})-DP using a 40-layer Wide-ResNet, improving over the previous SOTA of
71.7%. When fine-tuning a pre-trained 200-layer Normalizer-Free ResNet, we
achieve a remarkable 77.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet under (1, 8*10^{-7})-DP,
and achieve 81.1% under (8, 8*10^{-7})-DP. This markedly exceeds the previous
SOTA of 47.9% under a larger privacy budget of (10, 10^{-6})-DP. We believe our
results are a significant step towards closing the accuracy gap between private
and non-private image classification.

### Title: An Improved Authentication Scheme for BLE Devices with no I/O Capabilities
* Paper ID: 2204.13640v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13640v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13640v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) devices have become very popular because of their
Low energy consumption and hence a prolonged battery life. They are being used
in smart wearable devices, smart home automation system, beacons and many more
areas. BLE uses pairing mechanisms to achieve a level of peer entity
authentication as well as encryption. Although, there are a set of pairing
mechanisms available but BLE devices having no keyboard or display mechanism
(and hence using the Just Works pairing) are still vulnerable. In this paper,
we propose and implement, a light-weight digital certificate based
authentication mechanism for the BLE devices making use of Just Works model.
The proposed model is an add-on to the already existing pairing mechanism and
therefore can be easily incorporated in the existing BLE stack. To counter the
existing Man-in-The-Middle attack scenario in Just Works pairing (device
spoofing), our proposed model allows the client and peripheral to make use of
the popular Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) to establish peer entity
authentication and a secure cryptographic tunnel for communication. We have
also developed a lightweight BLE profiled digital certificate containing the
bare minimum fields required for resource constrained devices, which
significantly reduces the memory (about 90\% reduction) and energy consumption.
We have experimentally evaluated the energy consumption of the device using the
proposed pairing mechanism to demonstrate that the model can be easily deployed
with less changes to the power requirements of the chips. The model has been
formally verified using automatic verification tool for protocol testing.

### Title: Mixup-based Deep Metric Learning Approaches for Incomplete Supervision
* Paper ID: 2204.13572v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13572v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13572v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deep learning architectures have achieved promising results in different
areas (e.g., medicine, agriculture, and security). However, using those
powerful techniques in many real applications becomes challenging due to the
large labeled collections required during training. Several works have pursued
solutions to overcome it by proposing strategies that can learn more for less,
e.g., weakly and semi-supervised learning approaches. As these approaches do
not usually address memorization and sensitivity to adversarial examples, this
paper presents three deep metric learning approaches combined with Mixup for
incomplete-supervision scenarios. We show that some state-of-the-art approaches
in metric learning might not work well in such scenarios. Moreover, the
proposed approaches outperform most of them in different datasets.

### Title: Death By A Thousand COTS: Disrupting Satellite Communications using Low Earth Orbit Constellations
* Paper ID: 2204.13514v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13514v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13514v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Satellites in Geostationary Orbit (GEO) provide a number of commercial,
government, and military services around the world, offering everything from
surveillance and monitoring to video calls and internet access. However a
dramatic lowering of the cost-per-kilogram to space has led to a recent
explosion in real and planned constellations in Low Earth Orbit (LEO) of
smaller satellites. These constellations are managed remotely and it is
important to consider a scenario in which an attacker gains control over the
constituent satellites. In this paper we aim to understand what damage this
attacker could cause, using the satellites to generate interference. To ground
our analysis, we simulate a number of existing and planned LEO constellations
against an example GEO constellation, and evaluate the relative effectiveness
of each. Our model shows that with conservative power estimates, both current
and planned constellations could disrupt GEO satellite services at every
groundstation considered, with effectiveness varying considerably between
locations. We analyse different patterns of interference, how they reflect the
structures of the constellations creating them, and how effective they might be
against a number of legitimate services. We found that real-time usage (e.g.
calls, streaming) would be most affected, with 3 constellation designs able to
generate thousands of outages of 30 seconds or longer over the course of the
day across all groundstations.

### Title: Design of Blockchain-based Travel Rule Compliance System
* Paper ID: 2204.13508v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13508v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13508v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In accordance with the guidelines of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF),
Virtual Asset Service Providers (VASPs) should comply with a `travel rule',
which requires them to exchange originator's and beneficiary's personal
information when transferring virtual assets. In this paper, we propose a novel
blockchain-based travel rule compliance system that supports
fully-decentralized data exchange. The proposed system uses a permissioned
blockchain, and thereby eliminates the possibility of leakage of personal
information to third parties or even to travel rule service providers, and
ensures that travel rule data can be managed securely.

### Title: FieldFuzz: Enabling vulnerability discovery in Industrial Control Systems supply chain using stateful system-level fuzzing
* Paper ID: 2204.13499v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13499v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13499v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the advent of the fourth industrial revolution, Programmable Logic
Controllers (PLCs) used as field devices, have been growing in their
sophistication, offering extensive smart features, such as remote connectivity,
support for standardized cryptography, and visualization. Such computational
platforms incorporate components from various sources (vendor, platform
provider, open-source), bringing along their associated vulnerabilities. This,
combined with the increase in reliance on the Industrial Internet of Things
(IIoT) devices for automation and feedback, has opened previously airtight
networks to remote attacks. Furthermore, modern PLCs often employ commodity
software such as Linux on ARM, further expanding the threat surface towards
traditional vulnerabilities. Security analysis of Operational Technology (OT)
software, specifically, the control runtime and IEC applications, remains
relatively unexplored due to its proprietary nature. In this work, we implement
FieldFuzz, a methodology for discovering supply chain vulnerabilities in every
PLC component using stateful black-box fuzzing without the requirement of a
real device. FieldFuzz has been built using the Codesys v3 protocol, making it
applicable to at least 80 industrial device vendors ranging from over 400
devices. Fuzzing campaigns uncovered multiple vulnerabilities, leading to three
reported CVE IDs. To study the cross-platform applicability of FieldFuzz, we
reproduce the findings on a diverse set of Industrial Control System (ICS)
devices, showing a significant improvement over the state-of-the-art.

### Title: TTAGN: Temporal Transaction Aggregation Graph Network for Ethereum Phishing Scams Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.13442v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13442v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13442v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In recent years, phishing scams have become the most serious type of crime
involved in Ethereum, the second-largest blockchain platform. The existing
phishing scams detection technology on Ethereum mostly uses traditional machine
learning or network representation learning to mine the key information from
the transaction network to identify phishing addresses. However, these methods
adopt the last transaction record or even completely ignore these records, and
only manual-designed features are taken for the node representation. In this
paper, we propose a Temporal Transaction Aggregation Graph Network (TTAGN) to
enhance phishing scams detection performance on Ethereum. Specifically, in the
temporal edges representation module, we model the temporal relationship of
historical transaction records between nodes to construct the edge
representation of the Ethereum transaction network. Moreover, the edge
representations around the node are aggregated to fuse topological interactive
relationships into its representation, also named as trading features, in the
edge2node module. We further combine trading features with common statistical
and structural features obtained by graph neural networks to identify phishing
addresses. Evaluated on real-world Ethereum phishing scams datasets, our TTAGN
(92.8% AUC, and 81.6% F1score) outperforms the state-of-the-art methods, and
the effectiveness of temporal edges representation and edge2node module is also
demonstrated.

### Title: A symmetric extensible protocol for quantum secret sharing
* Paper ID: 2204.13397v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13397v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13397v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper introduces the Symmetric Extensible Quantum Secret Sharing
protocol, which is a novel quantum protocol for secret sharing. At its heart,
it is an entanglement based protocol that relies on the use of maximally
entangled GHZ tuples, evenly distributed among the players, endowing the
spymaster with the ability to securely share a secret message with her agents.
It offers uncompromising security, making virtually impossible for a malicious
eavesdropper or a rogue double agent to disrupt its successful execution. It is
characterized by symmetry, since all agents are treated indiscriminately,
utilizing identical quantum circuits. Furthermore, it can be seamlessly
extended to an arbitrary number of agents. After the completion of the quantum
part of the protocol, the spymaster will have to publicly transmit some
information, in order to enable the agents to discover the secret message.
Finally, it has the additional advantage that the spymaster has the privilege
to decide when it is the right time for the agents to discover the secret
message.

### Title: Morphing Attack Potential
* Paper ID: 2204.13374v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13374v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13374v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/matteoferrara/morphing-attack-potential](https://github.com/matteoferrara/morphing-attack-potential)
* Summary: In security systems the risk assessment in the sense of common criteria
testing is a very relevant topic; this requires quantifying the attack
potential in terms of the expertise of the attacker, his knowledge about the
target and access to equipment. Contrary to those attacks, the recently
revealed morphing attacks against Face Recognition Systems (FRSs) can not be
assessed by any of the above criteria. But not all morphing techniques pose the
same risk for an operational face recognition system. This paper introduces
with the Morphing Attack Potential (MAP) a consistent methodology, that can
quantify the risk, which a certain morphing attack creates.

### Title: Shielding Federated Learning: Robust Aggregation with Adaptive Client Selection
* Paper ID: 2204.13256v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning (FL) enables multiple clients to collaboratively train an
accurate global model while protecting clients' data privacy. However, FL is
susceptible to Byzantine attacks from malicious participants. Although the
problem has gained significant attention, existing defenses have several flaws:
the server irrationally chooses malicious clients for aggregation even after
they have been detected in previous rounds; the defenses perform ineffectively
against sybil attacks or in the heterogeneous data setting.
  To overcome these issues, we propose MAB-RFL, a new method for robust
aggregation in FL. By modelling the client selection as an extended multi-armed
bandit (MAB) problem, we propose an adaptive client selection strategy to
choose honest clients that are more likely to contribute high-quality updates.
We then propose two approaches to identify malicious updates from sybil and
non-sybil attacks, based on which rewards for each client selection decision
can be accurately evaluated to discourage malicious behaviors. MAB-RFL achieves
a satisfying balance between exploration and exploitation on the potential
benign clients. Extensive experimental results show that MAB-RFL outperforms
existing defenses in three attack scenarios under different percentages of
attackers.

### Title: Temporal Analysis of Transaction Ego Networks with Different Labels on Ethereum
* Paper ID: 2204.13253v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13253v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13253v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Due to the widespread use of smart contracts, Ethereum has become the
second-largest blockchain platform after Bitcoin. Many different types of
Ethereum accounts (ICO, Mining, Gambling, etc.) also have quite active trading
activities on Ethereum. Studying the transaction records of these specific
Ethereum accounts is very important for understanding their particular
transaction characteristics, and further labeling the pseudonymous accounts.
However, traditional methods are generally based on static and global
transaction networks to conduct research, ignoring useful information about
dynamic changes. Our work chooses six kinds of important account labels, and
builds ego networks for each kind of Ethereum account. We focus on the
interaction between the target node and neighbor nodes with temporal analysis.
Experiments show that there is a significant difference between various types
of accounts in terms of several network features, helping us better understand
their transaction patterns. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first
work to analyze the dynamic characteristics of Ethereum labeled accounts from
the perspective of transaction ego networks.

### Title: Discovering gravitationally lensed gravitational waves: predicted rates, candidate selection, and localization with the Vera Rubin Observatory
* Paper ID: 2204.12977v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12977v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12977v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The first secure detection of a gravitationally lensed gravitational (GW)
will be a watershed moment, as it will bring together these two pillars of
General Relativity for the first time. Accurate selection and interpretation of
candidate lensed GWs is challenging for numerous reasons, including large sky
localization uncertainties for most GW detections, the broad range of
gravitational lenses spanning galaxy/group/cluster-scales in the dark matter
halo mass function, and uncertainty in the intrinsic mass function of compact
object remnants of stellar evolution. We introduce a new magnification-based
approach to predicting the rates of lensed GWs that is agnostic to the mass and
structure of the lenses and combine it with expressions for arrival time
difference for representative lenses and their catastrophes to delineate the
range of expected arrival time differences. We also predict the lightcurves of
lensed kilonova counterparts to lensed binary neutron star (NS-NS) mergers and
assess the feasibility of detection with the Vera Rubin Observatory. Our main
conclusions are: (1) selection of candidate lensed NS-NS mergers from the mass
gap between NS and black holes in low latency is an efficient approach with a
rate approaching one per year in the mid-2020s, (2) the arrival time
differences of lensed NS-NS/kilonovae are typically $\lesssim1\,$year, and thus
well-matched to the operations of GW detectors and optical telescopes, and (3)
detection of lensed kilonovae is feasible with the Vera Rubin Observatory.
Whilst our predictions are motivated by lensing, they provide a physically
well-understood approach to exploring the mass gap electromagnetically as the
number of detections in this exciting region of parameter space grows.

