### Title: Named Entity Recognition for Audio De-Identification
* Paper ID: 2204.12622v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12622v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12622v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Data anonymization is often a task carried out by humans. Automating it would
reduce the cost and time required to complete this task. This paper presents a
pipeline to automate the anonymization of audio data in French. We propose a
pipeline, which takes audio files with their transcriptions and removes the
named entities (NEs) present in the audio. Our pipeline is made up of a forced
aligner, which aligns words in an audio transcript with speech and a model that
performs named entity recognition (NER). Then, the audio segments that
correspond to NEs are substituted with silence to anonymize audio. We compared
forced aligners and NER models to find the best ones for our scenario. We
evaluated our pipeline on a small hand-annotated dataset, achieving an F1 score
of 0.769. This result shows that automating this task is feasible.

### Title: Observations From an Online Security Competition and Its Implications on Crowdsourced Security
* Paper ID: 2204.12601v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12601v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12601v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The crowd sourced security industry, particularly bug bounty programs, has
grown dramatically over the past years and has become the main source of
software security reviews for many companies. However, the academic literature
has largely omitted security teams, particularly in crowd work contexts. As
such, we know very little about how distributed security teams organize,
collaborate, and what technology needs they have. We fill this gap by
conducting focus groups with the top five teams (out of 18,201 participating
teams) of a computer security Capture-the-Flag (CTF) competition. We find that
these teams adopted a set of strategies centered on specialties, which allowed
them to reduce issues relating to dispersion, double work, and lack of previous
collaboration. Observing the current issues of a model centered on individual
workers in security crowd work platforms, our study cases that scaling security
work to teams is feasible and beneficial. Finally, we identify various areas
which warrant future work, such as issues of social identity in high-skilled
crowd work environments.

### Title: The Security War in File Systems: An Empirical Study from A Vulnerability-Centric Perspective
* Paper ID: 2204.12590v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12590v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12590v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper presents a systematic study on the security of modern file
systems, following a vulnerability-centric perspective. Specifically, we
collected 377 file system vulnerabilities committed to the CVE database in the
past 20 years. We characterize them from four dimensions that include why the
vulnerabilities appear, how the vulnerabilities can be exploited, what
consequences can arise, and how the vulnerabilities are fixed. This way, we
build a deep understanding of the attack surfaces faced by file systems, the
threats imposed by the attack surfaces, and the good and bad practices in
mitigating the attacks in file systems. We envision that our study will bring
insights towards the future development of file systems, the enhancement of
file system security, and the relevant vulnerability mitigating solutions.

### Title: The Influence of the Other-Race Effect on Susceptibility to Face Morphing Attacks
* Paper ID: 2204.12591v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12591v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12591v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Facial morphs created between two identities resemble both of the faces used
to create the morph. Consequently, humans and machines are prone to mistake
morphs made from two identities for either of the faces used to create the
morph. This vulnerability has been exploited in "morph attacks" in security
scenarios. Here, we asked whether the "other-race effect" (ORE) -- the human
advantage for identifying own- vs. other-race faces -- exacerbates morph attack
susceptibility for humans. We also asked whether face-identification
performance in a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) is affected by the
race of morphed faces. Caucasian (CA) and East-Asian (EA) participants
performed a face-identity matching task on pairs of CA and EA face images in
two conditions. In the morph condition, different-identity pairs consisted of
an image of identity "A" and a 50/50 morph between images of identity "A" and
"B". In the baseline condition, morphs of different identities never appeared.
As expected, morphs were identified mistakenly more often than original face
images. Moreover, CA participants showed an advantage for CA faces in
comparison to EA faces (a partial ORE). Of primary interest, morph
identification was substantially worse for cross-race faces than for own-race
faces. Similar to humans, the DCNN performed more accurately for original face
images than for morphed image pairs. Notably, the deep network proved
substantially more accurate than humans in both cases. The results point to the
possibility that DCNNs might be useful for improving face identification
accuracy when morphed faces are presented. They also indicate the significance
of the ORE in morph attack susceptibility in applied settings.

### Title: Wasmati: An Efficient Static Vulnerability Scanner for WebAssembly
* Paper ID: 2204.12575v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12575v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12575v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: WebAssembly is a new binary instruction format that allows targeted compiled
code written in high-level languages to be executed with near-native speed by
the browser's JavaScript engine. However, given that WebAssembly binaries can
be compiled from unsafe languages like C/C++, classical code vulnerabilities
such as buffer overflows or format strings can be transferred over from the
original programs down to the cross-compiled binaries. As a result, this
possibility of incorporating vulnerabilities in WebAssembly modules has widened
the attack surface of modern web applications. This paper presents Wasmati, a
static analysis tool for finding security vulnerabilities in WebAssembly
binaries. It is based on the generation of a code property graph (CPG), a
program representation previously adopted for detecting vulnerabilities in
various languages but hitherto unapplied to WebAssembly. We formalize the
definition of CPG for WebAssembly, introduce techniques to generate CPG for
complex WebAssembly, and present four different query specification languages
for finding vulnerabilities by traversing a program's CPG. We implemented ten
queries capturing different vulnerability types and extensively tested Wasmati
on four heterogeneous datasets. We show that Wasmati can scale the generation
of CPGs for large real-world applications and can efficiently find
vulnerabilities for all our query types. We have also tested our tool on
WebAssembly binaries collected in the wild and identified several potential
vulnerabilities, some of which we have manually confirmed to exist unless the
enclosing application properly sanitizes the interaction with such affected
binaries.

### Title: MemFHE: End-to-End Computing with Fully Homomorphic Encryption in Memory
* Paper ID: 2204.12557v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12557v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12557v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The increasing amount of data and the growing complexity of problems has
resulted in an ever-growing reliance on cloud computing. However, many
applications, most notably in healthcare, finance or defense, demand security
and privacy which today's solutions cannot fully address. Fully homomorphic
encryption (FHE) elevates the bar of today's solutions by adding
confidentiality of data during processing. It allows computation on fully
encrypted data without the need for decryption, thus fully preserving privacy.
To enable processing encrypted data at usable levels of classic security, e.g.,
128-bit, the encryption procedure introduces noticeable data size expansion -
the ciphertext is much bigger than the native aggregate of native data types.
In this paper, we present MemFHE which is the first accelerator of both client
and server for the latest Ring-GSW (Gentry, Sahai, and Waters) based
homomorphic encryption schemes using Processing In Memory (PIM). PIM alleviates
the data movement issues with large FHE encrypted data, while providing in-situ
execution and extensive parallelism needed for FHE's polynomial operations.
While the client-PIM can homomorphically encrypt and decrypt data, the
server-PIM can process homomorphically encrypted data without decryption.
MemFHE's server-PIM is pipelined and is designed to provide flexible
bootstrapping, allowing two encryption techniques and various FHE
security-levels based on the application requirements. We evaluate MemFHE for
various security-levels and compare it with state-of-the-art CPU
implementations for Ring-GSW based FHE. MemFHE is up to 20kx (265x) faster than
CPU (GPU) for FHE arithmetic operations and provides on average 2007x higher
throughput than the state-of-the-art while implementing neural networks with
FHE.

### Title: Design, Implementation, and Evaluation of Blockchain-Based Trusted Achievement Record System for Students in Higher Education
* Paper ID: 2204.12547v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12547v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12547v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With a growing number of institutions involved in the global education
market, it has become increasingly challenging to verify the authenticity of
academic achievements such as CVs and diplomas. Blockchain is an enabling
technology that can play a key role in solving this problem. This study
introduces a blockchain-based achievement record system that produces a
verifiable record of achievements. The proposed system aims to facilitate the
process of authentication and validation of certificates reliably, easily, and
quickly, leveraging the unique capabilities offered through Blockchain
technology (public Ethereum Blockchain) and smart contracts. We present the
design and implementation of the system and its components and tools. We then
evaluate the system through a number of studies to measure the system's
usability, effectiveness, performance, and cost. A System Usability Scale (SUS)
test gave a scale of 77.1. Through a literature survey, we demonstrate that
this system is a significant improvement on legacy systems, being both more
user-friendly and more efficient. We also conduct a detailed cost analysis and
discuss the positives and limitations of alternative blockchain solutions.

### Title: Finite resource performance of small satellite-based quantum key distribution missions
* Paper ID: 2204.12509v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12509v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12509v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In satellite-based quantum key distribution (QKD), the number of secret bits
that can be generated in a single satellite pass over the ground station is
severely restricted by the pass duration and the free-space optical channel
loss. High channel loss may decrease the signal-to-noise ratio due to
background noise, reduce the number of generated raw key bits, and increase the
quantum bit error rate (QBER), all of which have detrimental effects on the
output secret key length. Under finite-size security analysis, higher QBER
increases the minimum raw key length necessary for non-zero key length
extraction due to less efficient reconciliation and post-processing overheads.
We show that recent developments in finite key analysis allow three different
small-satellite-based QKD projects CQT-Sat, UK-QUARC-ROKS, and QEYSSat to
produce secret keys even under very high loss conditions, improving on
estimates based on older finite key bounds.

### Title: Digital Twins for Dynamic Management of Blockchain Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.12477v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12477v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12477v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Blockchain systems are challenged by the so-called Trilemma tradeoff:
decentralization, scalability and security. Infrastructure and node
configuration, choice of the Consensus Protocol and complexity of the
application transactions are cited amongst the factors that affect the
tradeoffs balance. Given that Blockchains are complex, dynamic dynamic systems,
a dynamic approach to their management and reconfiguration at runtime is deemed
necessary to reflect the changes in the state of the infrastructure and
application. This paper introduces the utilisation of Digital Twins for this
purpose. The novel contribution of the paper is design of a framework and
conceptual architecture of a Digital Twin that can assist in maintaining the
Trilemma tradeoffs of time critical systems. The proposed Digital Twin is
illustrated via an innovative approach to dynamic selection of Consensus
Protocols. Simulations results show that the proposed framework can effectively
support the dynamic adaptation and management of the Blockchain

### Title: A review of Federated Learning in Intrusion Detection Systems for IoT
* Paper ID: 2204.12443v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12443v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12443v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Intrusion detection systems are evolving into intelligent systems that
perform data analysis searching for anomalies in their environment. The
development of deep learning technologies opened the door to build more complex
and effective threat detection models. However, training those models may be
computationally infeasible in most Internet of Things devices. Current
approaches rely on powerful centralized servers that receive data from all
their parties -- violating basic privacy constraints and substantially
affecting response times and operational costs due to the huge communication
overheads. To mitigate these issues, Federated Learning emerged as a promising
approach where different agents collaboratively train a shared model, neither
exposing training data to others nor requiring a compute-intensive centralized
infrastructure. This paper focuses on the application of Federated Learning
approaches in the field of Intrusion Detection. Both technologies are described
in detail and current scientific progress is reviewed and categorized. Finally,
the paper highlights the limitations present in recent works and presents some
future directions for this technology.

### Title: XSS for the Masses: Integrating Security in a Web Programming Course using a Security Scanner
* Paper ID: 2204.12416v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12416v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12416v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Cybersecurity education is considered an important part of undergraduate
computing curricula, but many institutions teach it only in dedicated courses
or tracks. This optionality risks students graduating with limited exposure to
secure coding practices that are expected in industry. An alternative approach
is to integrate cybersecurity concepts across non-security courses, so as to
expose students to the interplay between security and other sub-areas of
computing. In this paper, we report on our experience of applying the security
integration approach to an undergraduate web programming course. In particular,
we added a practical introduction to secure coding, which highlighted the OWASP
Top 10 vulnerabilities by example, and demonstrated how to identify them using
out-of-the-box security scanner tools (e.g. ZAP). Furthermore, we incentivised
students to utilise these tools in their own course projects by offering bonus
marks. To assess the impact of this intervention, we scanned students' project
code over the last three years, finding a reduction in the number of
vulnerabilities. Finally, in focus groups and a survey, students shared that
our intervention helped to raise awareness, but they also highlighted the
importance of grading incentives and the need to teach security content
earlier.

### Title: On Fragile Features and Batch Normalization in Adversarial Training
* Paper ID: 2204.12393v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12393v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12393v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Modern deep learning architecture utilize batch normalization (BN) to
stabilize training and improve accuracy. It has been shown that the BN layers
alone are surprisingly expressive. In the context of robustness against
adversarial examples, however, BN is argued to increase vulnerability. That is,
BN helps to learn fragile features. Nevertheless, BN is still used in
adversarial training, which is the de-facto standard to learn robust features.
In order to shed light on the role of BN in adversarial training, we
investigate to what extent the expressiveness of BN can be used to robustify
fragile features in comparison to random features. On CIFAR10, we find that
adversarially fine-tuning just the BN layers can result in non-trivial
adversarial robustness. Adversarially training only the BN layers from scratch,
in contrast, is not able to convey meaningful adversarial robustness. Our
results indicate that fragile features can be used to learn models with
moderate adversarial robustness, while random features cannot

### Title: Poisoning Deep Learning based Recommender Model in Federated Learning Scenarios
* Paper ID: 2204.13594v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13594v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13594v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/rdz98/poisonfeddlrs](https://github.com/rdz98/poisonfeddlrs)
* Summary: Various attack methods against recommender systems have been proposed in the
past years, and the security issues of recommender systems have drawn
considerable attention. Traditional attacks attempt to make target items
recommended to as many users as possible by poisoning the training data.
Benifiting from the feature of protecting users' private data, federated
recommendation can effectively defend such attacks. Therefore, quite a few
works have devoted themselves to developing federated recommender systems. For
proving current federated recommendation is still vulnerable, in this work we
probe to design attack approaches targeting deep learning based recommender
models in federated learning scenarios. Specifically, our attacks generate
poisoned gradients for manipulated malicious users to upload based on two
strategies (i.e., random approximation and hard user mining). Extensive
experiments show that our well-designed attacks can effectively poison the
target models, and the attack effectiveness sets the state-of-the-art.

### Title: Restricted Black-box Adversarial Attack Against DeepFake Face Swapping
* Paper ID: 2204.12347v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12347v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12347v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: DeepFake face swapping presents a significant threat to online security and
social media, which can replace the source face in an arbitrary photo/video
with the target face of an entirely different person. In order to prevent this
fraud, some researchers have begun to study the adversarial methods against
DeepFake or face manipulation. However, existing works focus on the white-box
setting or the black-box setting driven by abundant queries, which severely
limits the practical application of these methods. To tackle this problem, we
introduce a practical adversarial attack that does not require any queries to
the facial image forgery model. Our method is built on a substitute model
persuing for face reconstruction and then transfers adversarial examples from
the substitute model directly to inaccessible black-box DeepFake models.
Specially, we propose the Transferable Cycle Adversary Generative Adversarial
Network (TCA-GAN) to construct the adversarial perturbation for disrupting
unknown DeepFake systems. We also present a novel post-regularization module
for enhancing the transferability of generated adversarial examples. To
comprehensively measure the effectiveness of our approaches, we construct a
challenging benchmark of DeepFake adversarial attacks for future development.
Extensive experiments impressively show that the proposed adversarial attack
method makes the visual quality of DeepFake face images plummet so that they
are easier to be detected by humans and algorithms. Moreover, we demonstrate
that the proposed algorithm can be generalized to offer face image protection
against various face translation methods.

### Title: Federated Stochastic Primal-dual Learning with Differential Privacy
* Paper ID: 2204.12284v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12284v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12284v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning (FL) is a new paradigm that enables many clients to
jointly train a machine learning (ML) model under the orchestration of a
parameter server while keeping the local data not being exposed to any third
party. However, the training of FL is an interactive process between local
clients and the parameter server. Such process would cause privacy leakage
since adversaries may retrieve sensitive information by analyzing the overheard
messages. In this paper, we propose a new federated stochastic primal-dual
algorithm with differential privacy (FedSPD-DP). Compared to the existing
methods, the proposed FedSPD-DP incorporates local stochastic gradient descent
(local SGD) and partial client participation (PCP) for addressing the issues of
communication efficiency and straggler effects due to randomly accessed
clients. Our analysis shows that the data sampling strategy and PCP can enhance
the data privacy whereas the larger number of local SGD steps could increase
privacy leakage, revealing a non-trivial tradeoff between algorithm
communication efficiency and privacy protection. Specifically, we show that, by
guaranteeing $(\epsilon, \delta)$-DP for each client per communication round,
the proposed algorithm guarantees $(\mathcal{O}(q\epsilon \sqrt{p T}),
\delta)$-DP after $T$ communication rounds while maintaining an
$\mathcal{O}(1/\sqrt{pTQ})$ convergence rate for a convex and non-smooth
learning problem, where $Q$ is the number of local SGD steps, $p$ is the client
sampling probability, $q=\max_{i} q_i/\sqrt{1-q_i}$ and $q_i$ is the data
sampling probability of each client under PCP. Experiment results are presented
to evaluate the practical performance of the proposed algorithm and comparison
with state-of-the-art methods.

### Title: Sentiment Analysis of Cybersecurity Content on Twitter and Reddit
* Paper ID: 2204.12267v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12267v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12267v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Sentiment Analysis provides an opportunity to understand the subject(s),
especially in the digital age, due to an abundance of public data and effective
algorithms. Cybersecurity is a subject where opinions are plentiful and
differing in the public domain. This descriptive research analyzed
cybersecurity content on Twitter and Reddit to measure its sentiment, positive
or negative, or neutral. The data from Twitter and Reddit was amassed via
technology-specific APIs during a selected timeframe to create datasets, which
were then analyzed individually for their sentiment by VADER, an NLP (Natural
Language Processing) algorithm. A random sample of cybersecurity content (ten
tweets and posts) was also classified for sentiments by twenty human annotators
to evaluate the performance of VADER. Cybersecurity content on Twitter was at
least 48% positive, and Reddit was at least 26.5% positive. The positive or
neutral content far outweighed negative sentiments across both platforms. When
compared to human classification, which was considered the standard or source
of truth, VADER produced 60% accuracy for Twitter and 70% for Reddit in
assessing the sentiment; in other words, some agreement between algorithm and
human classifiers. Overall, the goal was to explore an uninhibited research
topic about cybersecurity sentiment

### Title: Enhancing Privacy against Inversion Attacks in Federated Learning by using Mixing Gradients Strategies
* Paper ID: 2204.12495v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12495v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12495v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning reduces the risk of information leakage, but remains
vulnerable to attacks. We investigate how several neural network design
decisions can defend against gradients inversion attacks. We show that
overlapping gradients provides numerical resistance to gradient inversion on
the highly vulnerable dense layer. Specifically, we propose to leverage
batching to maximise mixing of gradients by choosing an appropriate loss
function and drawing identical labels. We show that otherwise it is possible to
directly recover all vectors in a mini-batch without any numerical optimisation
due to the de-mixing nature of the cross entropy loss. To accurately assess
data recovery, we introduce an absolute variation distance (AVD) metric for
information leakage in images, derived from total variation. In contrast to
standard metrics, e.g. Mean Squared Error or Structural Similarity Index, AVD
offers a continuous metric for extracting information in noisy images. Finally,
our empirical results on information recovery from various inversion attacks
and training performance supports our defense strategies. These strategies are
also shown to be useful for deep convolutional neural networks such as LeNET
for image recognition. We hope that this study will help guide the development
of further strategies that achieve a trustful federation policy.

### Title: Open or not open: Are conventional radio access networks more secure and trustworthy than Open-RAN?
* Paper ID: 2204.12227v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12227v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12227v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The Open-RAN architecture is a highly promising and future-oriented
architecture. It is intended to open up the radio access network and enable
more innovation and competition in the market. This will lead to RANs for
current 5G networks, but especially for future 6G networks, to move away from
the current centralised, provider-specific 3G RAN architecture and therefore
even better meet the requirements for future RANs. However, the change in
design has also created a drastic shift in the attack surface compared to
conventional RANs. In the past, this has often led to negative headlines, which
in summary have often associated O-RAN with faulty or inadequate security. In
this paper, we analyze what components are involved in an Open-RAN deployment,
how the current state of security is to be assessed and what measures need to
be taken to ensure secure operation.

### Title: Boosting Adversarial Transferability of MLP-Mixer
* Paper ID: 2204.12204v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12204v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12204v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The security of models based on new architectures such as MLP-Mixer and ViTs
needs to be studied urgently. However, most of the current researches are
mainly aimed at the adversarial attack against ViTs, and there is still
relatively little adversarial work on MLP-mixer. We propose an adversarial
attack method against MLP-Mixer called Maxwell's demon Attack (MA). MA breaks
the channel-mixing and token-mixing mechanism of MLP-Mixer by controlling the
part input of MLP-Mixer's each Mixer layer, and disturbs MLP-Mixer to obtain
the main information of images. Our method can mask the part input of the Mixer
layer, avoid overfitting of the adversarial examples to the source model, and
improve the transferability of cross-architecture. Extensive experimental
evaluation demonstrates the effectiveness and superior performance of the
proposed MA. Our method can be easily combined with existing methods and can
improve the transferability by up to 38.0% on MLP-based ResMLP. Adversarial
examples produced by our method on MLP-Mixer are able to exceed the
transferability of adversarial examples produced using DenseNet against CNNs.
To the best of our knowledge, we are the first work to study adversarial
transferability of MLP-Mixer.

### Title: Accelerating Fully Homomorphic Encryption by Bridging Modular and Bit-Level Arithmetic
* Paper ID: 2204.12201v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12201v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12201v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The dramatic increase of data breaches in modern computing platforms has
emphasized that access control is not sufficient to protect sensitive user
data. Recent advances in cryptography allow end-to-end processing of encrypted
data without the need for decryption using Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE).
Such computation however, is still orders of magnitude slower than direct
(unencrypted) computation. Depending on the underlying cryptographic scheme,
FHE schemes can work natively either at bit-level using Boolean circuits, or
over integers using modular arithmetic. Operations on integers are limited to
addition/subtraction and multiplication. On the other hand, bit-level
arithmetic is much more comprehensive allowing more operations, such as
comparison and division. While modular arithmetic can emulate bit-level
computation, there is a significant cost in performance. In this work, we
propose a novel method, dubbed \emph{bridging}, that blends faster and
restricted modular computation with slower and comprehensive bit-level
computation, making them both usable within the same application and with the
same cryptographic scheme instantiation. We introduce and open source C++ types
representing the two distinct arithmetic modes, offering the possibility to
convert from one to the other. Experimental results show that bridging modular
and bit-level arithmetic computation can lead to 1-2 orders of magnitude
performance improvement for tested synthetic benchmarks, as well as two
real-world FHE applications: A URL denylisting case study, and a genotype
imputation application. Bridging performance enhancement comes from two
factors: 1) Reduced number of operations (especially ciphertext
multiplications), and 2) Arithmetic circuits with smaller multiplicative depth,
allowing more efficient encryption parameters with smaller polynomial degrees.

### Title: Mixed Strategies for Security Games with General Defending Requirements
* Paper ID: 2204.12158v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12158v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12158v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The Stackelberg security game is played between a defender and an attacker,
where the defender needs to allocate a limited amount of resources to multiple
targets in order to minimize the loss due to adversarial attack by the
attacker. While allowing targets to have different values, classic settings
often assume uniform requirements to defend the targets. This enables existing
results that study mixed strategies (randomized allocation algorithms) to adopt
a compact representation of the mixed strategies.
  In this work, we initiate the study of mixed strategies for the security
games in which the targets can have different defending requirements. In
contrast to the case of uniform defending requirement, for which an optimal
mixed strategy can be computed efficiently, we show that computing the optimal
mixed strategy is NP-hard for the general defending requirements setting.
However, we show that strong upper and lower bounds for the optimal mixed
strategy defending result can be derived. We propose an efficient
close-to-optimal Patching algorithm that computes mixed strategies that use
only few pure strategies. We also study the setting when the game is played on
a network and resource sharing is enabled between neighboring targets. Our
experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm in several
large real-world datasets.

### Title: Source-independent quantum random number generator against detector blinding attacks
* Paper ID: 2204.12156v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12156v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12156v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Randomness, mainly in the form of random numbers, is the fundamental
prerequisite for the security of many cryptographic tasks. Quantum randomness
can be extracted even if adversaries are fully aware of the protocol and even
control the randomness source. However, an adversary can further manipulate the
randomness via detector blinding attacks, which are a hacking attack suffered
by protocols with trusted detectors. Here, by treating no-click events as valid
error events, we propose a quantum random number generation protocol that can
simultaneously address source vulnerability and ferocious detector blinding
attacks. The method can be extended to high-dimensional random number
generation. We experimentally demonstrate the ability of our protocol to
generate random numbers for two-dimensional measurement with a generation speed
of 0.515 Mbps, which is two orders of magnitude higher than that of
device-independent protocols that can address both issues of imperfect sources
and imperfect detectors.

### Title: Cybertwin-enabled 6G Space-air-ground Integrated Networks: Architecture, Open Issue, and Challenges
* Paper ID: 2204.12153v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12153v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12153v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Space-air-ground integrated network (SAGIN) is considered as a core
requirement in emerging 6G networks, which integrates the terrestrial and
non-terrestrial networks to reach the full network coverage and ubiquitous
services. To envision the ubiquitous intelligence and the deep integration in
6G SAGIN, a paradigm of cybertwin-enabled 6G SAGIN is presented in this paper.
Specifically, a cybertwin-enabled SAGIN architecture is first presented, where
a novel five-dimension digital twin (DT) model is presented. Particularly,
three categories of critical technologies are presented based on the cybertwin
of SAGIN, i.e., cybertwin-based multi-source heterogeneous network integration,
cybertwin-based integrated cloud-edge-end, and cybertwin-based integrated
sensing-communication-computing. Besides, two open issues in the
cybertwin-enabled SAGIN are studied, i.e., the networking decision and
optimization and the cybertwin-enabled cross-layer privacy and security, where
the challenges are discussed and the potential solutions are directed. In
addition, a case study with federal learning is developed and open research
issues are discussed.

### Title: Mirror Games Against an Open Book Player
* Paper ID: 2204.12129v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12129v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12129v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Mirror games were invented by Garg and Schnieder (ITCS 2019). Alice and Bob
take turns (with Alice playing first) in declaring numbers from the set {1,2,
...2n}. If a player picks a number that was previously played, that player
loses and the other player wins. If all numbers are declared without
repetition, the result is a draw. Bob has a simple mirror strategy that assures
he won't lose and requires no memory. On the other hand, Garg and Schenier
showed that every deterministic Alice needs memory of size linear in $n$ in
order to secure a draw.
  Regarding probabilistic strategies, previous work showed that a model where
Alice has access to a secret random perfect matching over {1,2, ...2n} allows
her to achieve a draw in the game w.p. a least 1-1/n and using only polylog
bits of memory.
  We show that the requirement for secret bits is crucial: for an `open book'
Alice with no secrets (Bob knows her memory but not future coin flips) and
memory of at most n/4c bits for any c>2, there is a Bob that wins w.p. close to
1-2^{-c/2}.

### Title: Frequency Hopping Joint Radar-Communications with Hybrid Sub-pulse Frequency and Duration
* Paper ID: 2204.12090v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12090v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12090v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Frequency-hopping (FH) joint radar-communications (JRC) can offer excellent
security for integrated sensing and communication systems. However, existing
JRC schemes mainly embed information using only the sub-pulse frequencies and
hence the data rate is limited. In this paper, we propose to use both sub-pulse
frequencies and durations for information modulation, leading to higher
communication data rates. For information demodulation, we propose a novel
scheme by using the time-frequency analysis (TFA) technique and a "you only
look once" (YOLO)-based detection system. As such, our system does not require
channel estimation, simplifying the transmission signal frame design.
Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our scheme, and show that
it is robust against the Doppler shift and timing offset between the
transceiver and the communication receiver.

### Title: PP-MARL: Efficient Privacy-Preserving MARL for Cooperative Intelligence in Communication
* Paper ID: 2204.12064v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12064v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12064v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Artificial intelligence (AI) has been introduced in communication networks
and services to improve efficiency via self-optimization. Cooperative
intelligence (CI), also known as collective intelligence and collaborative
intelligence, is expected to become an integral element in next-generation
networks because it can aggregate the capabilities and intelligence of multiple
devices. However, privacy issues may intimidate, obstruct, and hinder the
deployment of CI in practice because collaboration heavily relies on data and
information sharing. Additional practical constraints in communication (e.g.,
limited bandwidth) further limit the performance of CI. To overcome these
challenges, we propose PP-MARL, an efficient privacy-preserving learning scheme
based on multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL). We apply and evaluate our
scheme in two communication-related use cases: mobility management in
drone-assisted communication and network control with edge intelligence.
Simulation results reveal that the proposed scheme can achieve efficient and
reliable collaboration with 1.1-6 times better privacy protection and lower
overheads (e.g., 84-91% reduction in bandwidth) than state-of-the-art
approaches.

### Title: Self-recoverable Adversarial Examples: A New Effective Protection Mechanism in Social Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.12050v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12050v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12050v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Malicious intelligent algorithms greatly threaten the security of social
users' privacy by detecting and analyzing the uploaded photos to social network
platforms. The destruction to DNNs brought by the adversarial attack sparks the
potential that adversarial examples serve as a new protection mechanism for
privacy security in social networks. However, the existing adversarial example
does not have recoverability for serving as an effective protection mechanism.
To address this issue, we propose a recoverable generative adversarial network
to generate self-recoverable adversarial examples. By modeling the adversarial
attack and recovery as a united task, our method can minimize the error of the
recovered examples while maximizing the attack ability, resulting in better
recoverability of adversarial examples. To further boost the recoverability of
these examples, we exploit a dimension reducer to optimize the distribution of
adversarial perturbation. The experimental results prove that the adversarial
examples generated by the proposed method present superior recoverability,
attack ability, and robustness on different datasets and network architectures,
which ensure its effectiveness as a protection mechanism in social networks.

### Title: Investigating Black-Box Function Recognition Using Hardware Performance Counters
* Paper ID: 2204.11639v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present new methods and results for discovering information about
black-box program functions using hardware performance counters (HPC), where an
investigator can only invoke and measure the results of function calls.
Important use cases include analysing compiled libraries, e.g. static and
dynamic link libraries, and trusted execution environment (TEE) applications.
Drawing inspiration from recent literature on malware classification, we
develop and evaluate a machine learning-based approach using information from
HPCs for function recognition. We use this to classify a comprehensive set of
HPC events, including L1 instruction cache accesses, TLB misses, and
instruction retirements, to recognise functions from standard benchmarking and
cryptographic libraries. This includes various ciphers in different modes of
operation, e.g. AES-CTR vs. AES-ECB; signing, verification, and hashing
algorithms; and more. Three major architectures are evaluated using
off-the-shelf Intel/X86-64, ARM, and RISC-V CPUs under various compilation
assumptions. Following this, we develop and evaluate two novel use cases.
Firstly, we show that several known CVE-numbered OpenSSL vulnerabilities can be
detected using HPC differences between patched and unpatched library versions.
Secondly, we develop a proof-of-concept for recognising standardised
cryptographic functions within ARM TrustZone TEE applications using the
open-source OP-TEE framework. In all cases, HPCs could be used with significant
accuracy (86.22-99.83%) depending on the target architecture and application.
Lastly, we discuss mitigations, outstanding challenges, and directions for
future research.

### Title: Enhancing the STIX Representation of MITRE ATT&CK for Group Filtering and Technique Prioritization
* Paper ID: 2204.11368v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11368v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11368v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we enhance the machine-readable representation of the ATT&CK
Groups knowledge base provided by MITRE in STIX 2.1 format to make available
and queryable additional types of contextual information. Such information
includes the motivations of activity groups, the countries they have originated
from, and the sectors and countries they have targeted. We demonstrate how to
utilize the enhanced model to construct intelligible queries to filter activity
groups of interest and retrieve relevant tactical intelligence.

