### Title: Can Rationalization Improve Robustness?
* Paper ID: 2204.11790v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11790v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness](https://github.com/princeton-nlp/rationale-robustness)
* Summary: A growing line of work has investigated the development of neural NLP models
that can produce rationales--subsets of input that can explain their model
predictions. In this paper, we ask whether such rationale models can also
provide robustness to adversarial attacks in addition to their interpretable
nature. Since these models need to first generate rationales ("rationalizer")
before making predictions ("predictor"), they have the potential to ignore
noise or adversarially added text by simply masking it out of the generated
rationale. To this end, we systematically generate various types of 'AddText'
attacks for both token and sentence-level rationalization tasks, and perform an
extensive empirical evaluation of state-of-the-art rationale models across five
different tasks. Our experiments reveal that the rationale models show the
promise to improve robustness, while they struggle in certain scenarios--when
the rationalizer is sensitive to positional bias or lexical choices of attack
text. Further, leveraging human rationale as supervision does not always
translate to better performance. Our study is a first step towards exploring
the interplay between interpretability and robustness in the
rationalize-then-predict framework.

### Title: Enhancing quantum cryptography with quantum dot single-photon sources
* Paper ID: 2204.11734v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11734v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum cryptography harnesses quantum light, in particular single photons,
to provide security guarantees that cannot be reached by classical means. For
each cryptographic task, the security feature of interest is directly related
to the photons' non-classical properties. Quantum dot-based single-photon
sources are remarkable candidates, as they can in principle emit
deterministically, with high brightness and low multiphoton contribution. Here,
we show that these sources provide additional security benefits, thanks to the
tunability of coherence in the emitted photon-number states. Generating either
mixed or coherent states of light allows for enhanced performance of many
quantum cryptography applications. We identify the optimal optical pumping
scheme for the main quantum-cryptographic primitives, and benchmark their
performance with respect to Poisson-distributed sources such as attenuated
laser states and down-conversion sources. The presented results will guide
future developments in solid-state and quantum information science for photon
sources that are tailored to quantum communication tasks.

### Title: Optimal security hardening over a probabilistic attack graph: a case study of an industrial control system using the CySecTool tool
* Paper ID: 2204.11707v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11707v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: CySecTool is a tool that finds a cost-optimal security controls portfolio in
a given budget for a probabilistic attack graph. A portfolio is a set of
counter-measures, or controls, against vulnerabilities adopted for a computer
system, while an attack graph is a type of a threat scenario model. In an
attack graph, nodes are privilege states of the attacker, edges are
vulnerabilities escalating privileges, and controls reduce the probabilities of
some vulnerabilities being exploited. The tool builds on an optimisation
algorithm published by Khouzani et al. (2019), enabling a user to quickly
create, edit, and incrementally improve models, analyse results for given
portfolios and display the best solutions for all possible budgets in the form
of a Pareto frontier. A case study was performed utilising a system graph and
suspected attack paths prepared by industrial security engineers based on an
industrial source with which they work. The goal of the case study is to model
a supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) industrial system which, due
to having the potential to harm people, necessitates strong protection while
not allowing the use of typical penetration tools like vulnerability scanners.
Results are analysed to show how a cyber-security analyst would use CySecTool
to store cyber-security intelligence and draw further conclusions.

### Title: Interactivity in Constructive Cryptography : Modeling and Applications to Updatable Encryption and Private Information Retrieval
* Paper ID: 2204.11653v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11653v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we extend the Constructive Cryptography (CC) framework
introduced by Maurer in 2011 so as to handle interactive protocols.
  We design and construct a so-called {\em Interactive Server Memory Resource}
(ISMR), that is an augmented version of the basic instantiation of a
client-server protocol in CC, namely the Server Memory Resource. We then apply
our ISMR construction to two types of interactive cryptographic protocols for
remote storage : Updatable Encryption (UE) and Private Information Retrieval
(PIR).
  Concerning UE, our results are a composable version of those protocols,
clarifying the security guarantees achieved by {\em any} UE scheme. Namely, we
give the relevant security notion to consider according to a given leakage
context. Letting USMR denote our ISMR adapted to the UE application, we prove
that $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security is
sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR that hides the age
of ciphertexts; and
$\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC}+\mathsf{UPD})\text{-}\mathsf{CPA}$ security
is sufficient for a secure construction of a confidential USMR in case of
unrestricted leakage. As a consequence, contrary to what was claimed before,
the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}\mathsf{UE}$ security notion is not always stronger
than the $\mathsf{IND}\text{-}(\mathsf{ENC+UPD})$ one.
  Concerning PIR, we also give a composable version of PIR protocols, yielding
a unique model that unifies different notions of PIR : IT-PIR, C-PIR, one- or
multi- server PIR. Using the flexibility of CC, we are also able to model PIR
variants, such as SPIR.

### Title: Cryptography Is Not Enough: Relay Attacks on Authenticated GNSS Signals
* Paper ID: 2204.11641v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11641v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Civilian-GNSS is vulnerable to signal spoofing attacks, and countermeasures
based on cryptographic authentication are being proposed to protect against
these attacks. Both Galileo and GPS are currently testing broadcast
authentication techniques based on the delayed key disclosure to validate the
integrity of navigation messages. These authentication mechanisms have proven
secure against record now and replay later attacks, as navigation messages
become invalid after keys are released. This work analyzes the security
guarantees of cryptographically protected GNSS signals and shows the
possibility of spoofing a receiver to an arbitrary location without breaking
any cryptographic operation. In contrast to prior work, we demonstrate the
ability of an attacker to receive signals close to the victim receiver and
generate spoofing signals for a different target location without modifying the
navigation message contents. Our strategy exploits the essential common
reception and transmission time method used to estimate pseudorange in GNSS
receivers, thereby rendering any cryptographic authentication useless. We
evaluate our attack on a commercial receiver (ublox M9N) and a software-defined
GNSS receiver (GNSS-SDR) using a combination of open-source tools, commercial
GNSS signal generators, and software-defined radio hardware platforms. Our
results show that it is possible to spoof a victim receiver to locations around
4000 km away from the true location without requiring any high-speed
communication networks or modifying the message contents. Through this work, we
further highlight the fundamental limitations in securing a broadcast
signaling-based localization system even if all communications are
cryptographically protected.

### Title: Investigating Black-Box Function Recognition Using Hardware Performance Counters
* Paper ID: 2204.11639v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11639v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present new methods and results for discovering information about
black-box program functions using hardware performance counters (HPC), where an
investigator can only invoke and measure the results of function calls.
Important use cases include analysing compiled libraries, e.g. static and
dynamic link libraries, and trusted execution environment (TEE) applications.
Drawing inspiration from recent literature on malware classification, we
develop and evaluate a machine learning-based approach using information from
HPCs for function recognition. We use this to classify a comprehensive set of
HPC events, including L1 instruction cache accesses, TLB misses, and
instruction retirements, to recognise a functions from standard benchmarking
and cryptographic libraries. This includes various ciphers in different modes
of operation, e.g. AES-CTR vs. AES-ECB; signing, verification, and hashing
algorithms; and more. Three major architectures are evaluated using
off-the-shelf Intel/X86-64, ARM, and RISC-V CPUs under various compilation
assumptions. Following this, we develop two use-cases of our approach. Firstly,
we show that several known CVE-numbered OpenSSL vulnerabilities can be detected
using HPC differences between patched and unpatched library versions. Secondly,
we develop a proof-of-concept for recognising functions within ARM
TrustZone-based TEE applications using the open-source OP-TEE framework. In all
cases, HPCs could be used with significant accuracy (86.22-99.83%) depending on
the target architecture and application. Lastly, we discuss mitigations,
outstanding challenges, and directions for future research.

### Title: A Simple Structure For Building A Robust Model
* Paper ID: 2204.11596v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11596v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: [https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model](https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model)
* Summary: As deep learning applications, especially programs of computer vision, are
increasingly deployed in our lives, we have to think more urgently about the
security of these applications.One effective way to improve the security of
deep learning models is to perform adversarial training, which allows the model
to be compatible with samples that are deliberately created for use in
attacking the model.Based on this, we propose a simple architecture to build a
model with a certain degree of robustness, which improves the robustness of the
trained network by adding an adversarial sample detection network for
cooperative training.At the same time, we design a new data sampling strategy
that incorporates multiple existing attacks, allowing the model to adapt to
many different adversarial attacks with a single training.We conducted some
experiments to test the effectiveness of this design based on Cifar10 dataset,
and the results indicate that it has some degree of positive effect on the
robustness of the model.Our code could be found at
https://github.com/dowdyboy/simple_structure_for_robust_model.

### Title: Go Wide or Go Deep: Levering Watermarking Performance with Computational Cost for Specific Images
* Paper ID: 2204.11513v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11513v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Digital watermarking has been widely studied for the protection of
intellectual property. Traditional watermarking schemes often design in a
"wider" rule, which applies one general embedding mechanism to all images. But
this will limit the scheme into a robustness-invisibility trade-off, where the
improvements of robustness can only be achieved by the increase of embedding
intensity thus causing the visual quality decay. However, a new scenario comes
out at this stage that many businesses wish to give high level protection to
specific valuable images, which requires high robustness and high visual
quality at the same time. Such scenario makes the watermarking schemes should
be designed in a "deeper" way which makes the embedding mechanism customized to
specific images. To achieve so, we break the robustness-invisibility trade-off
by introducing computation cost in, and propose a novel auto-decoder-like
image-specified watermarking framework (ISMark). Based on ISMark, the strong
robustness and high visual quality for specific images can be both achieved. In
detail, we apply an optimization procedure (OPT) to replace the traditional
embedding mechanism. Unlike existing schemes that embed watermarks using a
learned encoder, OPT regards the cover image as the optimizable parameters to
minimize the extraction error of the decoder, thus the features of each
specified image can be effectively exploited to achieve superior performance.
Extensive experiments indicate that ISMark outperforms the state-of-the-art
methods by a large margin, which improves the average bit error rate by 4.64%
(from 4.86% to 0.22%) and PSNR by 2.20dB (from 32.50dB to 34.70dB).

### Title: An overview of the Eight International Olympiad in Cryptography "Non-Stop University CRYPTO"
* Paper ID: 2204.11502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Non-Stop University CRYPTO is the International Olympiad in Cryptography that
was held for the eight time in 2021. Hundreds of university and school
students, professionals from 33 countries worked on mathematical problems in
cryptography during a week. The aim of the Olympiad is to attract attention to
curious and even open scientific problems of modern cryptography. In this
paper, problems and their solutions of the Olympiad'2021 are presented. We
consider 19 problems of varying difficulty and topics: ciphers, online
machines, passwords, binary strings, permutations, quantum circuits, historical
ciphers, elliptic curves, masking, implementation on a chip, etc. We discuss
several open problems on quantum error correction, finding special permutations
and s-Boolean sharing of a function, obtaining new bounds on the distance to
affine vectorial functions.

### Title: Safe Delivery of Critical Services in Areas with Volatile Security Situation via a Stackelberg Game Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.11451v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11451v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Vaccine delivery in under-resourced locations with security risks is not just
challenging but also life threatening. The current COVID pandemic and the need
to vaccinate have added even more urgency to this issue. Motivated by this
problem, we propose a general framework to set-up limited temporary
(vaccination) centers that balance physical security and desired (vaccine)
service coverage with limited resources. We set-up the problem as a Stackelberg
game between the centers operator (defender) and an adversary, where the set of
centers is not fixed a priori but is part of the decision output. This results
in a mixed combinatorial and continuous optimization problem. As part of our
scalable approximation of this problem, we provide a fundamental contribution
by identifying general duality conditions of switching max and min when both
discrete and continuous variables are involved. We perform detailed experiments
to show that the solution proposed is scalable in practice.

### Title: Hardware Trojan Detection using Graph Neural Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.11431v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11431v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-25
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The globalization of the Integrated Circuit (IC) supply chain has moved most
of the design, fabrication, and testing process from a single trusted entity to
various untrusted third-party entities around the world. The risk of using
untrusted third-Party Intellectual Property (3PIP) is the possibility for
adversaries to insert malicious modifications known as Hardware Trojans (HTs).
These HTs can compromise the integrity, deteriorate the performance, and deny
the functionality of the intended design. Various HT detection methods have
been proposed in the literature; however, many fall short due to their reliance
on a golden reference circuit, a limited detection scope, the need for manual
code review, or the inability to scale with large modern designs. We propose a
novel golden reference-free HT detection method for both Register Transfer
Level (RTL) and gate-level netlists by leveraging Graph Neural Networks (GNNs)
to learn the behavior of the circuit through a Data Flow Graph (DFG)
representation of the hardware design. We evaluate our model on a custom
dataset by expanding the Trusthub HT benchmarks \cite{trusthub1}. The results
demonstrate that our approach detects unknown HTs with 97% recall (true
positive rate) very fast in 21.1ms for RTL and 84% recall in 13.42s for
Gate-Level Netlist.

