### Title: Deep Partial Least Squares for Empirical Asset Pricing
* Paper ID: 2206.10014v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10014v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.10014v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We use deep partial least squares (DPLS) to estimate an asset pricing model
for individual stock returns that exploits conditioning information in a
flexible and dynamic way while attributing excess returns to a small set of
statistical risk factors. The novel contribution is to resolve the non-linear
factor structure, thus advancing the current paradigm of deep learning in
empirical asset pricing which uses linear stochastic discount factors under an
assumption of Gaussian asset returns and factors. This non-linear factor
structure is extracted by using projected least squares to jointly project firm
characteristics and asset returns on to a subspace of latent factors and using
deep learning to learn the non-linear map from the factor loadings to the asset
returns. The result of capturing this non-linear risk factor structure is to
characterize anomalies in asset returns by both linear risk factor exposure and
interaction effects. Thus the well known ability of deep learning to capture
outliers, shed lights on the role of convexity and higher order terms in the
latent factor structure on the factor risk premia. On the empirical side, we
implement our DPLS factor models and exhibit superior performance to LASSO and
plain vanilla deep learning models. Furthermore, our network training times are
significantly reduced due to the more parsimonious architecture of DPLS.
Specifically, using 3290 assets in the Russell 1000 index over a period of
December 1989 to January 2018, we assess our DPLS factor model and generate
information ratios that are approximately 1.2x greater than deep learning. DPLS
explains variation and pricing errors and identifies the most prominent latent
factors and firm characteristics.

### Title: Understanding RowHammer Under Reduced Wordline Voltage: An Experimental Study Using Real DRAM Devices
* Paper ID: 2206.09999v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09999v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09999v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: RowHammer is a circuit-level DRAM vulnerability, where repeatedly activating
and precharging a DRAM row, and thus alternating the voltage of a row's
wordline between low and high voltage levels, can cause bit flips in physically
nearby rows. Recent DRAM chips are more vulnerable to RowHammer: with
technology node scaling, the minimum number of activate-precharge cycles to
induce a RowHammer bit flip reduces and the RowHammer bit error rate increases.
Therefore, it is critical to develop effective and scalable approaches to
protect modern DRAM systems against RowHammer. To enable such solutions, it is
essential to develop a deeper understanding of the RowHammer vulnerability of
modern DRAM chips. However, even though the voltage toggling on a wordline is a
key determinant of RowHammer vulnerability, no prior work experimentally
demonstrates the effect of wordline voltage (VPP) on the RowHammer
vulnerability. Our work closes this gap in understanding.
  This is the first work to experimentally demonstrate on 272 real DRAM chips
that lowering VPP reduces a DRAM chip's RowHammer vulnerability. We show that
lowering VPP 1) increases the number of activate-precharge cycles needed to
induce a RowHammer bit flip by up to 85.8% with an average of 7.4% across all
tested chips and 2) decreases the RowHammer bit error rate by up to 66.9% with
an average of 15.2% across all tested chips. At the same time, reducing VPP
marginally worsens a DRAM cell's access latency, charge restoration, and data
retention time within the guardbands of system-level nominal timing parameters
for 208 out of 272 tested chips. We conclude that reducing VPP is a promising
strategy for reducing a DRAM chip's RowHammer vulnerability without requiring
modifications to DRAM chips.

### Title: Mitigating Data Heterogeneity in Federated Learning with Data Augmentation
* Paper ID: 2206.09979v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09979v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09979v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated Learning (FL) is a prominent framework that enables training a
centralized model while securing user privacy by fusing local, decentralized
models. In this setting, one major obstacle is data heterogeneity, i.e., each
client having non-identically and independently distributed (non-IID) data.
This is analogous to the context of Domain Generalization (DG), where each
client can be treated as a different domain. However, while many approaches in
DG tackle data heterogeneity from the algorithmic perspective, recent evidence
suggests that data augmentation can induce equal or greater performance.
Motivated by this connection, we present federated versions of popular DG
algorithms, and show that by applying appropriate data augmentation, we can
mitigate data heterogeneity in the federated setting, and obtain higher
accuracy on unseen clients. Equipped with data augmentation, we can achieve
state-of-the-art performance using even the most basic Federated Averaging
algorithm, with much sparser communication.

### Title: Efficient Pricing and Calibration of High-Dimensional Basket Options
* Paper ID: 2206.09877v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09877v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09877v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper studies equity basket options -- i.e., multi-dimensional
derivatives whose payoffs depend on the value of a weighted sum of the
underlying stocks -- and develops a new and innovative approach to ensure
consistency between options on individual stocks and on the index comprising
them. Specifically, we show how to resolve a well-known problem that when
individual constituent distributions of an equity index are inferred from the
single-stock option markets and combined in a multi-dimensional
local/stochastic volatility model, the resulting basket option prices will not
generate a skew matching that of the options on the equity index corresponding
to the basket. To address this ``insufficient skewness'', we proceed in two
steps. First, we propose an ``effective'' local volatility model by mapping the
general multi-dimensional basket onto a collection of marginal distributions.
Second, we build a multivariate dependence structure between all the marginal
distributions assuming a jump-diffusion model for the effective projection
parameters, and show how to calibrate the basket to the index smile. Numerical
tests and calibration exercises demonstrate an excellent fit for a basket of as
many as 30 stocks with fast calculation time.

### Title: Privacy-aware Secure Region-based Handover for Small Cell Networks in 5G-enabled Mobile Communication
* Paper ID: 2206.09870v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09870v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09870v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The 5G mobile communication network provides seamless communications between
users and service providers and promises to achieve several stringent
requirements, such as seamless mobility and massive connectivity. Although 5G
can offer numerous benefits, security and privacy issues still need to be
addressed. For example, the inclusion of small cell networks (SCN) into 5G
brings the network closer to the connected users, providing a better quality of
services (QoS), resulting in a significant increase in the number of Handover
procedures (HO), which will affect the security, latency and efficiency of the
network. It is then crucial to design a scheme that supports seamless handovers
through secure authentication to avoid the consequences of SCN. To address this
issue, this article proposes a secure region-based handover scheme with user
anonymity and an efficient revocation mechanism that supports seamless
connectivity for SCNs in 5G. In this context, we introduce three
privacy-preserving authentication protocols, i.e., initial authentication
protocol, intra-region handover protocol and inter-region handover protocol,
for dealing with three communication scenarios. To the best of our knowledge,
this is the first paper to consider the privacy and security in both the
intra-region and inter-region handover scenarios in 5G communication. Detailed
security and performance analysis of our proposed scheme is presented to show
that it is resilient against many security threats, is cost-effective in
computation and provides an efficient solution for the 5G enabled mobile
communication.

### Title: Understanding Robust Learning through the Lens of Representation Similarities
* Paper ID: 2206.09868v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09868v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09868v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Representation learning, i.e. the generation of representations useful for
downstream applications, is a task of fundamental importance that underlies
much of the success of deep neural networks (DNNs). Recently, robustness to
adversarial examples has emerged as a desirable property for DNNs, spurring the
development of robust training methods that account for adversarial examples.
In this paper, we aim to understand how the properties of representations
learned by robust training differ from those obtained from standard, non-robust
training. This is critical to diagnosing numerous salient pitfalls in robust
networks, such as, degradation of performance on benign inputs, poor
generalization of robustness, and increase in over-fitting. We utilize a
powerful set of tools known as representation similarity metrics, across three
vision datasets, to obtain layer-wise comparisons between robust and non-robust
DNNs with different architectures, training procedures and adversarial
constraints. Our experiments highlight hitherto unseen properties of robust
representations that we posit underlie the behavioral differences of robust
networks. We discover a lack of specialization in robust networks'
representations along with a disappearance of `block structure'. We also find
overfitting during robust training largely impacts deeper layers. These, along
with other findings, suggest ways forward for the design and training of better
robust networks.

### Title: The Greater The Power, The More Dangerous The Abuse: Facing Malicious Insiders in The Cloud
* Paper ID: 2206.09834v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09834v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09834v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The financial crisis made companies around the world search for cheaper and
more efficient solutions to cover their needs in terms of computational power
and storage. Their quest came to end with the birth of Cloud Computing
infrastructures. However, along with the new promising technology, new attack
vectors were born, and one old and known threat, that of Malicious Insiders
reappeared. Insiders can use their privileged position inside the Cloud
infrastructure to accomplish or help in attacks against a Cloud infrastructure.
In this paper, we propose a practical and efficient intrusion detection system
solution for Cloud infrastructures based on Graphical Processing Unit (GPU)
acceleration. Our solution monitors the deployed virtual machines' operations
and especially those of the host Operating System, known as Dom0, correlating
the collected information to detect uncommon behavior based on the
Smith-Waterman algorithm. Our proposal makes possible the cooperation of a
variety of known hypervisors along with every known GPU acceleration unit used,
thus offering the maximum of security mechanics while at the same time
minimizing the imposed overhead in terms of Central Processing Unit (CPU)
usage.

### Title: Realizing an entanglement-based multi-user quantum network with integrated photonics
* Paper ID: 2206.09785v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09785v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09785v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum network facilitates the secure transmission of information between
different users. Establishing communication links among multiple users in a
scalable and efficient way is important for realizing a large-scale quantum
network. Here we develop an energy-time entanglement-based dense wavelength
division multiplexed network based on an integrated silicon nitride micro-ring
resonator, which offers a wide frequency span (covering at least the entire
C-band) and narrow bandwidth modes (~ 650MHz). Six pairs of photons are
selected to form a fully and simultaneously connected four-user quantum
network. The observed quantum interference visibilities are well above the
classical limits among all users. Each pair of users perform the BBM92 protocol
for quantum key distribution. Our results pave the way for realizing
large-scale quantum networks with integrated photonic architecture.

### Title: The Cost of the GDPR for Apps? Nearly Impossible to Study without Platform Data
* Paper ID: 2206.09734v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09734v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09734v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A recently published pre-print titled 'GDPR and the Lost Generation of
Innovative Apps' by Jan{\ss}en et al. observes that a third of apps on the
Google Play Store disappeared from this app store around the introduction of
the GDPR in May 2018. The authors deduce 'that GDPR is the cause'. The effects
of the GDPR on the app economy are an important field to study. Unfortunately,
the paper currently lacks a control condition and a key variable. As a result,
the effects on app exits reported in the paper are likely overestimated, as we
will discuss. We believe there are other factors which may better explain these
changes in the Play Store aside from the GDPR.

### Title: The Role of Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
* Paper ID: 2206.09707v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09707v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09707v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine Learning (ML) represents a pivotal technology for current and future
information systems, and many domains already leverage the capabilities of ML.
However, deployment of ML in cybersecurity is still at an early stage,
revealing a significant discrepancy between research and practice. Such
discrepancy has its root cause in the current state-of-the-art, which does not
allow to identify the role of ML in cybersecurity. The full potential of ML
will never be unleashed unless its pros and cons are understood by a broad
audience.
  This paper is the first attempt to provide a holistic understanding of the
role of ML in the entire cybersecurity domain -- to any potential reader with
an interest in this topic. We highlight the advantages of ML with respect to
human-driven detection methods, as well as the additional tasks that can be
addressed by ML in cybersecurity. Moreover, we elucidate various intrinsic
problems affecting real ML deployments in cybersecurity. Finally, we present
how various stakeholders can contribute to future developments of ML in
cybersecurity, which is essential for further progress in this field. Our
contributions are complemented with two real case studies describing industrial
applications of ML as defense against cyber-threats.

### Title: Diversified Adversarial Attacks based on Conjugate Gradient Method
* Paper ID: 2206.09628v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09628v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09628v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/yamamura-k/ACG](https://github.com/yamamura-k/ACG)
* Summary: Deep learning models are vulnerable to adversarial examples, and adversarial
attacks used to generate such examples have attracted considerable research
interest. Although existing methods based on the steepest descent have achieved
high attack success rates, ill-conditioned problems occasionally reduce their
performance. To address this limitation, we utilize the conjugate gradient (CG)
method, which is effective for this type of problem, and propose a novel attack
algorithm inspired by the CG method, named the Auto Conjugate Gradient (ACG)
attack. The results of large-scale evaluation experiments conducted on the
latest robust models show that, for most models, ACG was able to find more
adversarial examples with fewer iterations than the existing SOTA algorithm
Auto-PGD (APGD). We investigated the difference in search performance between
ACG and APGD in terms of diversification and intensification, and define a
measure called Diversity Index (DI) to quantify the degree of diversity. From
the analysis of the diversity using this index, we show that the more diverse
search of the proposed method remarkably improves its attack success rate.

### Title: Asymptotic Nash Equilibrium for the $M$-ary Sequential Adversarial Hypothesis Testing Game
* Paper ID: 2206.09620v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09620v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09620v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we consider a novel $M$-ary sequential hypothesis testing
problem in which an adversary is present and perturbs the distributions of the
samples before the decision maker observes them. This problem is formulated as
a sequential adversarial hypothesis testing game played between the decision
maker and the adversary. This game is a zero-sum and strategic one. We assume
the adversary is active under \emph{all} hypotheses and knows the underlying
distribution of observed samples. We adopt this framework as it is the
worst-case scenario from the perspective of the decision maker. The goal of the
decision maker is to minimize the expectation of the stopping time to ensure
that the test is as efficient as possible; the adversary's goal is, instead, to
maximize the stopping time. We derive a pair of strategies under which the
asymptotic Nash equilibrium of the game is attained. We also consider the case
in which the adversary is not aware of the underlying hypothesis and hence is
constrained to apply the same strategy regardless of which hypothesis is in
effect. Numerical results corroborate our theoretical findings.

### Title: Shuffle Gaussian Mechanism for Differential Privacy
* Paper ID: 2206.09569v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09569v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09569v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We study Gaussian mechanism in the shuffle model of differential privacy
(DP). Particularly, we characterize the mechanism's R\'enyi differential
privacy (RDP), showing that it is of the form: $$ \epsilon(\lambda) \leq
\frac{1}{\lambda-1}\log\left(\frac{e^{-\lambda/2\sigma^2}}{n^\lambda}\sum_{\substack{k_1+\dotsc+k_n=\lambda;\\k_1,\dotsc,k_n\geq
0}}\binom{\lambda!}{k_1,\dotsc,k_n}e^{\sum_{i=1}^nk_i^2/2\sigma^2}\right) $$ We
further prove that the RDP is strictly upper-bounded by the Gaussian RDP
without shuffling. The shuffle Gaussian RDP is advantageous in composing
multiple DP mechanisms, where we demonstrate its improvement over the
state-of-the-art approximate DP composition theorems in privacy guarantees of
the shuffle model. Moreover, we extend our study to the subsampled shuffle
mechanism and the recently proposed shuffled check-in mechanism, which are
protocols geared towards distributed/federated learning. Finally, an empirical
study of these mechanisms is given to demonstrate the efficacy of employing
shuffle Gaussian mechanism under the distributed learning framework to
guarantee rigorous user privacy.

### Title: Hands-on Wireless Sensing with Wi-Fi: A Tutorial
* Paper ID: 2206.09532v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09532v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09532v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the rapid development of wireless communication technology, wireless
access points (AP) and internet of things (IoT) devices have been widely
deployed in our surroundings. Various types of wireless signals (e.g., Wi-Fi,
LoRa, LTE) are filling out our living and working spaces. Previous researches
reveal the fact that radio waves are modulated by the spatial structure during
the propagation process (e.g., reflection, diffraction, and scattering) and
superimposed on the receiver. This observation allows us to reconstruct the
surrounding environment based on received wireless signals, called "wireless
sensing". Wireless sensing is an emerging technology that enables a wide range
of applications, such as gesture recognition for human-computer interaction,
vital signs monitoring for health care, and intrusion detection for security
management. Compared with other sensing paradigms, such as vision-based and
IMU-based sensing, wireless sensing solutions have unique advantages such as
high coverage, pervasiveness, low cost, and robustness under adverse light and
texture scenarios. Besides, wireless sensing solutions are generally
lightweight in terms of both computation overhead and device size. This
tutorial takes Wi-Fi sensing as an example. It introduces both the theoretical
principles and the code implementation of data collection, signal processing,
features extraction, and model design. In addition, this tutorial highlights
state-of-the-art deep learning models (e.g., CNN, RNN, and adversarial learning
models) and their applications in wireless sensing systems. We hope this
tutorial will help people in other research fields to break into wireless
sensing research and learn more about its theories, designs, and implementation
skills, promoting prosperity in the wireless sensing research field.

### Title: Towards Trustworthy Edge Intelligence: Insights from Voice-Activated Services
* Paper ID: 2206.09523v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09523v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09523v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In an age of surveillance capitalism, anchoring the design of emerging smart
services in trustworthiness is urgent and important. Edge Intelligence, which
brings together the fields of AI and Edge computing, is a key enabling
technology for smart services. Trustworthy Edge Intelligence should thus be a
priority research concern. However, determining what makes Edge Intelligence
trustworthy is not straight forward. This paper examines requirements for
trustworthy Edge Intelligence in a concrete application scenario of
voice-activated services. We contribute to deepening the understanding of
trustworthiness in the emerging Edge Intelligence domain in three ways:
firstly, we propose a unified framing for trustworthy Edge Intelligence that
jointly considers trustworthiness attributes of AI and the IoT. Secondly, we
present research outputs of a tangible case study in voice-activated services
that demonstrates interdependencies between three important trustworthiness
attributes: privacy, security and fairness. Thirdly, based on the empirical and
analytical findings, we highlight challenges and open questions that present
important future research areas for trustworthy Edge Intelligence.

### Title: Walking to Hide: Privacy Amplification via Random Message Exchanges in Network
* Paper ID: 2206.09519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2206.09519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-06-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The *shuffle model* is a powerful tool to amplify the privacy guarantees of
the *local model* of differential privacy. In contrast to the fully
decentralized manner of guaranteeing privacy in the local model, the shuffle
model requires a central, trusted shuffler. To avoid this central shuffler,
recent work of Liew et al. (2022) proposes shuffling locally randomized data in
a decentralized manner, via random walks on the communication network
constituted by the clients. The privacy amplification bound it thus provides
depends on the topology of the underlying communication network, even for
infinitely long random walks. It does not match the state-of-the-art privacy
amplification bound for the shuffle model (Feldman et al., 2021).
  In this work, we prove that the output of~$n$ clients' data, each perturbed
by an ${\epsilon}_0$-local randomizer, and shuffled by random walks with a
logarithmic number of steps, is $( {O} ( (1 - e^{-\epsilon_0} ) \sqrt{ (
e^{\epsilon_0} / n ) \ln (1 / \delta ) } ), O(\delta) )$-differentially
private. Importantly, this bound is independent of the topology of the
communication network, and asymptotically closes the gap between the privacy
amplification bounds for the network shuffle model (Liew et al., 2022) and the
shuffle model (Feldman et al., 2021). Our proof is based on a reduction to the
shuffle model, and an analysis of the distribution of random walks of finite
length. Building on this, we further show that if each client is sampled
independently with probability~$p$, the privacy guarantee of the network
shuffle model can be further improved to $( {O} ( (1 - e^{-\epsilon_0} )
\sqrt{p ( e^{\epsilon_0} / n ) \ln (1 / \delta ) } ) , O(\delta) )$.
Importantly, the subsampling is also performed in a fully decentralized manner
that does not require a trusted central entity; compared with related bounds in
prior work, our bound is stronger.

