### Title: Automatic Hardware Trojan Insertion using Machine Learning
* Paper ID: 2204.08580v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08580v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08580v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Due to the current horizontal business model that promotes increasing
reliance on untrusted third-party Intellectual Properties (IPs), CAD tools, and
design facilities, hardware Trojan attacks have become a serious threat to the
semiconductor industry. Development of effective countermeasures against
hardware Trojan attacks requires: (1) fast and reliable exploration of the
viable Trojan attack space for a given design and (2) a suite of high-quality
Trojan-inserted benchmarks that meet specific standards. The latter has become
essential for the development and evaluation of design/verification solutions
to achieve quantifiable assurance against Trojan attacks. While existing static
benchmarks provide a baseline for comparing different countermeasures, they
only enumerate a limited number of handcrafted Trojans from the complete Trojan
design space. To accomplish these dual objectives, in this paper, we present
MIMIC, a novel AI-guided framework for automatic Trojan insertion, which can
create a large population of valid Trojans for a given design by mimicking the
properties of a small set of known Trojans. While there exist tools to
automatically insert Trojan instances using fixed Trojan templates, they cannot
analyze known Trojan attacks for creating new instances that accurately capture
the threat model. MIMIC works in two major steps: (1) it analyzes structural
and functional features of existing Trojan populations in a multi-dimensional
space to train machine learning models and generate a large number of "virtual
Trojans" of the given design, (2) next, it binds them into the design by
matching their functional/structural properties with suitable nets of the
internal logic structure. We have developed a complete tool flow for MIMIC,
extensively evaluated the framework by exploring several use-cases, and
quantified its effectiveness to demonstrate highly promising results.

### Title: Collusion-resistant fingerprinting of parallel content channels
* Paper ID: 2204.08575v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08575v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08575v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The fingerprinting game is analysed when the coalition size $k$ is known to
the tracer, but the colluders can distribute themselves across $L$ TV channels.
The collusion channel is introduced and the extra degrees of freedom for the
coalition are made manifest in our formulation. We introduce a payoff
functional that is analogous to the single TV channel case, and is conjectured
to be closely related to the fingerprinting capacity. For the binary alphabet
case under the marking assumption, and the restriction of access to one TV
channel per person per segment, we derive the asymptotic behavior of the payoff
functional. We find that the value of the maximin game for our payoff is
asymptotically equal to $L^2/k^2 2 \ln 2$, with optimal strategy for the tracer
being the arcsine distribution, and for the coalition being the interleaving
attack across all TV channels, as well as assigning an equal number of
colluders across the $L$ TV channels.

### Title: UNBUS: Uncertainty-aware Deep Botnet Detection System in Presence of Perturbed Samples
* Paper ID: 2204.09502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A rising number of botnet families have been successfully detected using deep
learning architectures. While the variety of attacks increases, these
architectures should become more robust against attacks. They have been proven
to be very sensitive to small but well constructed perturbations in the input.
Botnet detection requires extremely low false-positive rates (FPR), which are
not commonly attainable in contemporary deep learning. Attackers try to
increase the FPRs by making poisoned samples. The majority of recent research
has focused on the use of model loss functions to build adversarial examples
and robust models. In this paper, two LSTM-based classification algorithms for
botnet classification with an accuracy higher than 98\% are presented. Then,
the adversarial attack is proposed, which reduces the accuracy to about30\%.
Then, by examining the methods for computing the uncertainty, the defense
method is proposed to increase the accuracy to about 70\%. By using the deep
ensemble and stochastic weight averaging quantification methods it has been
investigated the uncertainty of the accuracy in the proposed methods.

### Title: A Comprehensive Survey on Trustworthy Graph Neural Networks: Privacy, Robustness, Fairness, and Explainability
* Paper ID: 2204.08570v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08570v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08570v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have made rapid developments in the recent
years. Due to their great ability in modeling graph-structured data, GNNs are
vastly used in various applications, including high-stakes scenarios such as
financial analysis, traffic predictions, and drug discovery. Despite their
great potential in benefiting humans in the real world, recent study shows that
GNNs can leak private information, are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, can
inherit and magnify societal bias from training data and lack interpretability,
which have risk of causing unintentional harm to the users and society. For
example, existing works demonstrate that attackers can fool the GNNs to give
the outcome they desire with unnoticeable perturbation on training graph. GNNs
trained on social networks may embed the discrimination in their decision
process, strengthening the undesirable societal bias. Consequently, trustworthy
GNNs in various aspects are emerging to prevent the harm from GNN models and
increase the users' trust in GNNs. In this paper, we give a comprehensive
survey of GNNs in the computational aspects of privacy, robustness, fairness,
and explainability. For each aspect, we give the taxonomy of the related
methods and formulate the general frameworks for the multiple categories of
trustworthy GNNs. We also discuss the future research directions of each aspect
and connections between these aspects to help achieve trustworthiness.

### Title: Special Session: Towards an Agile Design Methodology for Efficient, Reliable, and Secure ML Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.09514v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09514v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09514v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The real-world use cases of Machine Learning (ML) have exploded over the past
few years. However, the current computing infrastructure is insufficient to
support all real-world applications and scenarios. Apart from high efficiency
requirements, modern ML systems are expected to be highly reliable against
hardware failures as well as secure against adversarial and IP stealing
attacks. Privacy concerns are also becoming a first-order issue. This article
summarizes the main challenges in agile development of efficient, reliable and
secure ML systems, and then presents an outline of an agile design methodology
to generate efficient, reliable and secure ML systems based on user-defined
constraints and objectives.

### Title: Optimal Layered Defense For Site Protection
* Paper ID: 2204.08961v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08961v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a model for layered security with applications to the protection
of sites such as stadiums or large gathering places. We formulate the problem
as one of maximizing the capture of illegal contraband. The objective function
is indefinite and only limited information can be gained when the problem is
solved by standard convex optimization methods. In order to solve the model, we
develop a dynamic programming approach, and study its convergence properties.
Additionally, we formulate a version of the problem aimed at addressing
intelligent adversaries who can adjust their direction of attack as they
observe changes in the site security. Furthermore, we also develop a method for
the solution of the latter model. Finally, we perform computational experiments
to demonstrate the use of our methods.

### Title: Extracting Targeted Training Data from ASR Models, and How to Mitigate It
* Paper ID: 2204.08345v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08345v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08345v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recent work has designed methods to demonstrate that model updates in ASR
training can leak potentially sensitive attributes of the utterances used in
computing the updates. In this work, we design the first method to demonstrate
information leakage about training data from trained ASR models. We design
Noise Masking, a fill-in-the-blank style method for extracting targeted parts
of training data from trained ASR models. We demonstrate the success of Noise
Masking by using it in four settings for extracting names from the LibriSpeech
dataset used for training a SOTA Conformer model. In particular, we show that
we are able to extract the correct names from masked training utterances with
11.8% accuracy, while the model outputs some name from the train set 55.2% of
the time. Further, we show that even in a setting that uses synthetic audio and
partial transcripts from the test set, our method achieves 2.5% correct name
accuracy (47.7% any name success rate). Lastly, we design Word Dropout, a data
augmentation method that we show when used in training along with MTR, provides
comparable utility as the baseline, along with significantly mitigating
extraction via Noise Masking across the four evaluated settings.

### Title: AB/BA analysis: A framework for estimating keyword spotting recall improvement while maintaining audio privacy
* Paper ID: 2204.08474v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08474v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08474v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Evaluation of keyword spotting (KWS) systems that detect keywords in speech
is a challenging task under realistic privacy constraints. The KWS is designed
to only collect data when the keyword is present, limiting the availability of
hard samples that may contain false negatives, and preventing direct estimation
of model recall from production data. Alternatively, complementary data
collected from other sources may not be fully representative of the real
application. In this work, we propose an evaluation technique which we call
AB/BA analysis. Our framework evaluates a candidate KWS model B against a
baseline model A, using cross-dataset offline decoding for relative recall
estimation, without requiring negative examples. Moreover, we propose a
formulation with assumptions that allow estimation of relative false positive
rate between models with low variance even when the number of false positives
is small. Finally, we propose to leverage machine-generated soft labels, in a
technique we call Semi-Supervised AB/BA analysis, that improves the analysis
time, privacy, and cost. Experiments with both simulation and real data show
that AB/BA analysis is successful at measuring recall improvement in
conjunction with the trade-off in relative false positive rate.

### Title: Experimental twin-field quantum key distribution with flawed and correlated sources
* Paper ID: 2204.08323v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08323v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08323v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The security of quantum key distribution (QKD) is severely threatened by
discrepancies between realistic devices and theoretical assumptions. Recently,
a significant framework called the reference technique was proposed to provide
security against arbitrary source flaws, including pulse correlations. Here, we
propose an efficient four-phase twin-field QKD using laser pulses adopting the
reference technique for security against all possible source imperfections. We
present a characterization of source flaws and connect them to experimental
data, together with a finite-key analysis. In addition, we demonstrate the
feasibility of our protocol through a proof-of-principle experimental
implementation and demonstrate a secure key rate of 1.63 kbps with a 20 dB
channel loss. Compared with previous QKD protocols with imperfect devices, our
work considerably improves both the secure key rate and the transmission
distance, and shows application potential in the practical deployment of secure
QKD with device imperfections.

### Title: Optimal Coding Theorems in Time-Bounded Kolmogorov Complexity
* Paper ID: 2204.08312v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08312v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08312v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The classical coding theorem in Kolmogorov complexity states that if an
$n$-bit string $x$ is sampled with probability $\delta$ by an algorithm with
prefix-free domain then K$(x) \leq \log(1/\delta) + O(1)$. In a recent work, Lu
and Oliveira [LO21] established an unconditional time-bounded version of this
result, by showing that if $x$ can be efficiently sampled with probability
$\delta$ then rKt$(x) = O(\log(1/\delta)) + O(\log n)$, where rKt denotes the
randomized analogue of Levin's Kt complexity. Unfortunately, this result is
often insufficient when transferring applications of the classical coding
theorem to the time-bounded setting, as it achieves a $O(\log(1/\delta))$ bound
instead of the information-theoretic optimal $\log(1/\delta)$.
  We show a coding theorem for rKt with a factor of $2$. As in previous work,
our coding theorem is efficient in the sense that it provides a polynomial-time
probabilistic algorithm that, when given $x$, the code of the sampler, and
$\delta$, it outputs, with probability $\ge 0.99$, a probabilistic
representation of $x$ that certifies this rKt complexity bound.
  Assuming the security of cryptographic pseudorandom generators, we show that
no efficient coding theorem can achieve a bound of the form rKt$(x) \leq (2 -
o(1)) \cdot \log(1/\delta) +$ poly$(\log n)$. Under a weaker assumption, we
exhibit a gap between efficient coding theorems and existential coding theorems
with near-optimal parameters.
  We consider pK$^t$ complexity [GKLO22], a variant of rKt where the randomness
is public and the time bound is fixed. We observe the existence of an optimal
coding theorem for pK$^t$, and employ this result to establish an unconditional
version of a theorem of Antunes and Fortnow [AF09] which characterizes the
worst-case running times of languages that are in average polynomial-time over
all P-samplable distributions.

### Title: Phishing Fraud Detection on Ethereum using Graph Neural Network
* Paper ID: 2204.08194v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08194v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08194v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Blockchain has widespread applications in the financial field but has also
attracted increasing cybercrimes. Recently, phishing fraud has emerged as a
major threat to blockchain security, calling for the development of effective
regulatory strategies. Nowadays network science has been widely used in
modeling Ethereum transaction data, further introducing the network
representation learning technology to analyze the transaction patterns. In this
paper, we consider phishing detection as a graph classification task and
propose an end-to-end Phishing Detection Graph Neural Network framework
(PDGNN). Specifically, we first construct a lightweight Ethereum transaction
network and extract transaction subgraphs of collected phishing accounts. Then
we propose an end-to-end detection model based on Chebyshev-GCN to precisely
distinguish between normal and phishing accounts. Extensive experiments on five
Ethereum datasets demonstrate that our PDGNN significantly outperforms general
phishing detection methods and scales well in large transaction networks.

### Title: Sardino: Ultra-Fast Dynamic Ensemble for Secure Visual Sensing at Mobile Edge
* Paper ID: 2204.08189v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08189v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Adversarial example attack endangers the mobile edge systems such as vehicles
and drones that adopt deep neural networks for visual sensing. This paper
presents {\em Sardino}, an active and dynamic defense approach that renews the
inference ensemble at run time to develop security against the adaptive
adversary who tries to exfiltrate the ensemble and construct the corresponding
effective adversarial examples. By applying consistency check and data fusion
on the ensemble's predictions, Sardino can detect and thwart adversarial
inputs. Compared with the training-based ensemble renewal, we use HyperNet to
achieve {\em one million times} acceleration and per-frame ensemble renewal
that presents the highest level of difficulty to the prerequisite exfiltration
attacks. Moreover, the robustness of the renewed ensembles against adversarial
examples is enhanced with adversarial learning for the HyperNet. We design a
run-time planner that maximizes the ensemble size in favor of security while
maintaining the processing frame rate. Beyond adversarial examples, Sardino can
also address the issue of out-of-distribution inputs effectively. This paper
presents extensive evaluation of Sardino's performance in counteracting
adversarial examples and applies it to build a real-time car-borne traffic sign
recognition system. Live on-road tests show the built system's effectiveness in
maintaining frame rate and detecting out-of-distribution inputs due to the
false positives of a preceding YOLO-based traffic sign detector.

### Title: Securing Signal-free Intersections against Strategic Jamming Attacks: A Macroscopic Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.08187v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08187v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08187v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We consider the security-by-design of a signal-free intersection for
connected and autonomous vehicles in the face of strategic jamming attacks. We
use a fluid model to characterize macroscopic traffic flow through the
intersection, where the saturation rate is derived from a vehicle coordination
algorithm. We model jamming attacks as sudden increase in communication latency
induced on vehicle-to-infrastructure connectivity; such latency triggers the
safety mode for vehicle coordination and thus reduces the intersection
saturation rate. A strategic attacker selects the attacking rate, while a
system operator selects key design parameters, either the saturation rate or
the recovery rate. Both players' actions induce technological costs and jointly
determine the mean travel delay. By analyzing the equilibrium of the security
game, we study the preferable level of investment in the intersection's nominal
discharging capability or recovery capability, for balance between
hardware/infrastructure cost and security-by-design.

### Title: On Secure NOMA-Aided Semi-Grant-Free Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.08135v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08135v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08135v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Semi-grant-free (SGF) transmission scheme enables grant-free (GF) users to
utilize resource blocks allocated for grant-based (GB) users while maintaining
the quality of service of GB users. This work investigates the secrecy
performance of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA)-aided SGF systems. First,
analytical expressions for the exact and asymptotic secrecy outage probability
(SOP) of NOMA-aided SGF systems with a single GF user are derived. Then, the
SGF systems with multiple GF users and a best-user scheduling scheme is
considered. By utilizing order statistics theory, closed-form expressions for
the exact and asymptotic SOP are derived. Monte Carlo simulation results
demonstrate the effects of system parameters on the SOP of the considered
system and verify the accuracy of the developed analytical results. The results
indicate that both the outage target rate for GB and the secure target rate for
GF are the main factors of the secrecy performance of SGF systems.

### Title: A Practical Cross-Device Federated Learning Framework over 5G Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.08134v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08134v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The concept of federated learning (FL) was first proposed by Google in 2016.
Thereafter, FL has been widely studied for the feasibility of application in
various fields due to its potential to make full use of data without
compromising the privacy. However, limited by the capacity of wireless data
transmission, the employment of federated learning on mobile devices has been
making slow progress in practical. The development and commercialization of the
5th generation (5G) mobile networks has shed some light on this. In this paper,
we analyze the challenges of existing federated learning schemes for mobile
devices and propose a novel cross-device federated learning framework, which
utilizes the anonymous communication technology and ring signature to protect
the privacy of participants while reducing the computation overhead of mobile
devices participating in FL. In addition, our scheme implements a
contribution-based incentive mechanism to encourage mobile users to participate
in FL. We also give a case study of autonomous driving. Finally, we present the
performance evaluation of the proposed scheme and discuss some open issues in
federated learning.

### Title: On the Differential Properties of the Power Mapping $x^{p^m+2}$
* Paper ID: 2204.08118v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08118v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08118v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-18
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Let $m$ be a positive integer and $p$ a prime. In this paper, we investigate
the differential properties of the power mapping $x^{p^m+2}$ over
$\mathbb{F}_{p^n}$, where $n=2m$ or $n=2m-1$. For the case $n=2m$, by
transforming the derivative equation of $x^{p^m+2}$ and studying some related
equations, we completely determine the differential spectrum of this power
mapping. For the case $n=2m-1$, the derivative equation can be transformed to a
polynomial of degree $p+3$. The problem is more difficult and we obtain partial
results about the differential spectrum of $x^{p^m+2}$.

