### Title: Towards Privacy-Preserving Neural Architecture Search
* Paper ID: 2204.10958v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10958v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Machine learning promotes the continuous development of signal processing in
various fields, including network traffic monitoring, EEG classification, face
identification, and many more. However, massive user data collected for
training deep learning models raises privacy concerns and increases the
difficulty of manually adjusting the network structure. To address these
issues, we propose a privacy-preserving neural architecture search (PP-NAS)
framework based on secure multi-party computation to protect users' data and
the model's parameters/hyper-parameters. PP-NAS outsources the NAS task to two
non-colluding cloud servers for making full advantage of mixed protocols
design. Complement to the existing PP machine learning frameworks, we redesign
the secure ReLU and Max-pooling garbled circuits for significantly better
efficiency ($3 \sim 436$ times speed-up). We develop a new alternative to
approximate the Softmax function over secret shares, which bypasses the
limitation of approximating exponential operations in Softmax while improving
accuracy. Extensive analyses and experiments demonstrate PP-NAS's superiority
in security, efficiency, and accuracy.

### Title: A Tale of Two Models: Constructing Evasive Attacks on Edge Models
* Paper ID: 2204.10933v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10933v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10933v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Full-precision deep learning models are typically too large or costly to
deploy on edge devices. To accommodate to the limited hardware resources,
models are adapted to the edge using various edge-adaptation techniques, such
as quantization and pruning. While such techniques may have a negligible impact
on top-line accuracy, the adapted models exhibit subtle differences in output
compared to the original model from which they are derived. In this paper, we
introduce a new evasive attack, DIVA, that exploits these differences in edge
adaptation, by adding adversarial noise to input data that maximizes the output
difference between the original and adapted model. Such an attack is
particularly dangerous, because the malicious input will trick the adapted
model running on the edge, but will be virtually undetectable by the original
model, which typically serves as the authoritative model version, used for
validation, debugging and retraining. We compare DIVA to a state-of-the-art
attack, PGD, and show that DIVA is only 1.7-3.6% worse on attacking the adapted
model but 1.9-4.2 times more likely not to be detected by the the original
model under a whitebox and semi-blackbox setting, compared to PGD.

### Title: Your Echos are Heard: Tracking, Profiling, and Ad Targeting in the Amazon Smart Speaker Ecosystem
* Paper ID: 2204.10920v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10920v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10920v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Smart speakers collect voice input that can be used to infer sensitive
information about users. Given a number of egregious privacy breaches, there is
a clear unmet need for greater transparency and control over data collection,
sharing, and use by smart speaker platforms as well as third party skills
supported on them. To bridge the gap, we build an auditing framework that
leverages online advertising to measure data collection, its usage, and its
sharing by the smart speaker platforms. We evaluate our framework on the Amazon
smart speaker ecosystem. Our results show that Amazon and third parties
(including advertising and tracking services) collect smart speaker interaction
data; where Amazon shares it with as many as 41 advertising partners. We find
that Amazon processes voice data to infer user interests and uses it to serve
targeted ads on-platform (Echo devices) as well as off-platform (web). Smart
speaker interaction leads to as much as 30X higher ad bids from advertisers.
Finally, we find that Amazon's and skills' operational practices are often
inconsistent with their privacy policies

### Title: R-Drive: Resilient Data Storage and Sharing for Mobile Edge Computing Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.10823v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10823v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10823v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Mobile edge computing (MEC) systems (in which intensive computation and data
storage tasks are performed locally, due to the absence of communication
infrastructure for connectivity to the cloud) are currently being developed for
disaster response applications and for tactical environments. MEC applications
for these scenarios generate and process significant mission-critical and
personal data that require resilient and secure storage and sharing. In this
paper, we present the design, implementation, and evaluation of R-Drive, a
resilient data storage and sharing framework for disaster response and tactical
MEC applications. R-Drive employs erasure coding and data encryption, ensuring
resilient and secure data storage against device failure. R-Drive adaptively
chooses erasure coding parameters to ensure the highest data availability with
a minimal storage cost. R-Drive's distributed directory service provides a
resilient and secure namespace for files with rigorous access control
management. R-Drive leverages opportunistic networking, allowing data storage
and sharing in mobile and loosely connected edge computing environments. We
implemented R-Drive on Android, and integrated it with existing MEC
applications. Performance evaluation results show that R-Drive enables
resilient and secure data storage and sharing.

### Title: The eight-port homodyne detector: the effect of imperfections on quantum number generation and on detection of quadratures
* Paper ID: 2204.10616v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10616v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10616v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The eight-port homodyne detector is an optical circuit designed to perform
the monitoring of two quadratures of an optical field, the signal. By using
quantum Bose fields and quantum stochastic calculus, we give a complete quantum
description of this apparatus, when used as quadrature detector in continuous
time. The analysis includes imperfections, such as not perfectly balanced beam
splitters, detector efficiency, electronic noise, phase and intensity noise in
the laser acting as local oscillator; this last noise is modelled by using
mixtures of field coherent states as statistical operator of the laser
component. When the output process is sampled at discrete times, the quantum
description can be reduced to discrete mode operators, but at the price of
having random operators, which contain also the noise of the local oscillator.
As an application, the problem of secure random number generation is
considered, based on the local oscillator shot noise. The rate of random bits
that can be generated is quantified by the min-entropy; the possibility of side
information is taken into account by suitable conditional min-entropies. The
final rate depends on which parts of the apparatus are considered to be secure
and on which ones are considered to be exposed to the intervention of an
intruder. In some experimentally possible situations, the entropy losses are
computed, depending on the values of the parameters quantifying the
imperfections.

### Title: Bridging Sapling: Private Cross-Chain Transfers
* Paper ID: 2204.10611v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10611v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Interoperability is one of the main challenges of blockchain technologies,
which are generally designed as self-contained systems. Interoperability
schemes for privacy-focused blockchains are particularly hard to design: they
must integrate with the unique privacy features of the underlying blockchain so
as to prove statements about specific transactions in protocols designed to
obfuscate them. This has led to users being forced to weaken their privacy,
e.g. by using centralised exchanges, to move assets from one chain to another.
We present ZCLAIM, a framework for trustless cross-chain asset migration based
on the Zcash privacy-protecting protocol. ZCLAIM integrates with an
implementation of the Sapling version of Zcash on a smart-contract capable
issuing chain in order to attain private cross-chain transfers. We show that a
tokenised representation can be created via a set of collateralised
intermediaries without relying on or revealing the total amount to any third
party.

### Title: A general framework for the composition of quantum homomorphic encryption \& quantum error correction
* Paper ID: 2204.10471v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10471v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10471v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Two essential primitives for universal, cloud-based quantum computation with
security based on the laws of quantum mechanics, are quantum homomorphic
encryption with information-theoretic security and quantum error correction.
The former enables information-theoretic security of outsourced quantum
computation, while the latter allows reliable and scalable quantum computations
in the presence of errors. Previously these ingredients have been considered in
isolation from one another. By establishing group-theoretic requirements that
these two ingredients must satisfy, we provide a general framework for
composing them. Namely, a quantum homomorphic encryption scheme enhanced with
quantum error correction can directly inherit its properties from its
constituent quantum homomorphic encryption and quantum error correction
schemes. We apply our framework to both discrete- and continuous-variable
models for quantum computation, such as Pauli-key and permutation-key
encryptions in the qubit model, and displacement-key encryptions in a
continuous-variable model based on Gottesman-Kitaev-Preskill codes.

### Title: BliMe: Verifiably Secure Outsourced Computation with Hardware-Enforced Taint Tracking
* Paper ID: 2204.09649v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09649v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09649v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present Blinded Memory (BliMe), a way to realize efficient and secure
outsourced computation. BliMe consists of a novel and minimal set of ISA
extensions that uses taint tracking to ensure the confidentiality of sensitive
(client) data even in the presence of server malware, run-time attacks, and
side-channel attacks.
  To secure outsourced computation, the BliMe extensions can be used together
with an attestable, fixed-function trusted execution environment (TEE) and an
encryption engine that provides atomic decrypt-and-taint and
encrypt-and-untaint operations. The TEE engages in an attestation and key
agreement protocol with the client. It provides the resulting client-specific
keys to the encryption engine. Clients rely on remote attestation to ensure
that their data will always be protected by BliMe's taint tracking policy after
decryption.
  We provide a machine-checked security proof and an FPGA implementation
(BliMe-Ibex) of BliMe's taint tracking policy. We show that BliMe-Ibex does not
reduce performance relative to the unmodified core, and incurs only minor
increases in resource consumption in terms of power (${\approx}2.1\%$), LUTs
(${\approx}1.0\%$), and registers (${\approx}2.3\%$).

