### Title: NMTScore: A Multilingual Analysis of Translation-based Text Similarity Measures
* Paper ID: 2204.13692v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13692v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13692v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/zurichnlp/nmtscore](https://github.com/zurichnlp/nmtscore)
* Summary: Being able to rank the similarity of short text segments is an interesting
bonus feature of neural machine translation. Translation-based similarity
measures include direct and pivot translation probability, as well as
translation cross-likelihood, which has not been studied so far. We analyze
these measures in the common framework of multilingual NMT, releasing the
NMTScore library (available at https://github.com/ZurichNLP/nmtscore). Compared
to baselines such as sentence embeddings, translation-based measures prove
competitive in paraphrase identification and are more robust against
adversarial or multilingual input, especially if proper normalization is
applied. When used for reference-based evaluation of data-to-text generation in
2 tasks and 17 languages, translation-based measures show a relatively high
correlation to human judgments.

### Title: Improving empirical interatomic potentials for predicting thermophysical properties by using an irreducible derivatives approach: The case of thorium dioxide
* Paper ID: 2204.13685v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13685v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13685v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The accuracy of physical property predictions using classical molecular
dynamics simulations is determined by the quality of the empirical interatomic
potentials (EIPs). We introduce a training approach for EIPs, based on direct
comparisons of the second- and third-order interatomic force constants (IFCs)
between EIP and density functional theory (DFT) calculations. This work's
unique aspect is the utilization of irreducible derivatives (IDs) of the total
energy, which leverage on the symmetry of the crystalline structure and provide
a minimal representation of the IFCs. Our approach is tailored toward accurate
predictions of thermal conductivity, thus requiring knowledge of both harmonic
and anharmonic IFCs by matching second- and third-order displacement
derivatives, whereas second-order strain derivatives are needed for determining
the elastic constants. We demonstrate this approach as an efficient and robust
manner in which to train EIPs for predicting phonons and related properties, by
optimizing parameters of an embedded-atom method potential for ThO$_2$, which
is used as a model system for fluorite oxides. Our ID-trained EIP provides
thermophysical properties in great agreement with DFT, and outperforms
previously widely utilized EIP for ThO$_2$ in phonon dispersion and thermal
conductivity calculations. It also provides reasonable estimates of thermal
expansion and the formation energies of simple defects.

### Title: KING: Generating Safety-Critical Driving Scenarios for Robust Imitation via Kinematics Gradients
* Paper ID: 2204.13683v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13683v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13683v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Simulators offer the possibility of safe, low-cost development of
self-driving systems. However, current driving simulators exhibit na\"ive
behavior models for background traffic. Hand-tuned scenarios are typically
added during simulation to induce safety-critical situations. An alternative
approach is to adversarially perturb the background traffic trajectories. In
this paper, we study this approach to safety-critical driving scenario
generation using the CARLA simulator. We use a kinematic bicycle model as a
proxy to the simulator's true dynamics and observe that gradients through this
proxy model are sufficient for optimizing the background traffic trajectories.
Based on this finding, we propose KING, which generates safety-critical driving
scenarios with a 20% higher success rate than black-box optimization. By
solving the scenarios generated by KING using a privileged rule-based expert
algorithm, we obtain training data for an imitation learning policy. After
fine-tuning on this new data, we show that the policy becomes better at
avoiding collisions. Importantly, our generated data leads to reduced
collisions on both held-out scenarios generated via KING as well as traditional
hand-crafted scenarios, demonstrating improved robustness.

### Title: Unaligned Supervision For Automatic Music Transcription in The Wild
* Paper ID: 2204.13668v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13668v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13668v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Multi-instrument Automatic Music Transcription (AMT), or the decoding of a
musical recording into semantic musical content, is one of the holy grails of
Music Information Retrieval. Current AMT approaches are restricted to piano and
(some) guitar recordings, due to difficult data collection. In order to
overcome data collection barriers, previous AMT approaches attempt to employ
musical scores in the form of a digitized version of the same song or piece.
The scores are typically aligned using audio features and strenuous human
intervention to generate training labels. We introduce NoteEM, a method for
simultaneously training a transcriber and aligning the scores to their
corresponding performances, in a fully-automated process. Using this unaligned
supervision scheme, complemented by pseudo-labels and pitch-shift augmentation,
our method enables training on in-the-wild recordings with unprecedented
accuracy and instrumental variety. Using only synthetic data and unaligned
supervision, we report SOTA note-level accuracy of the MAPS dataset, and large
favorable margins on cross-dataset evaluations. We also demonstrate robustness
and ease of use; we report comparable results when training on a small, easily
obtainable, self-collected dataset, and we propose alternative labeling to the
MusicNet dataset, which we show to be more accurate. Our project page is
available at https://benadar293.github.io

### Title: Articulated Objects in Free-form Hand Interaction
* Paper ID: 2204.13662v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13662v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13662v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We use our hands to interact with and to manipulate objects. Articulated
objects are especially interesting since they often require the full dexterity
of human hands to manipulate them. To understand, model, and synthesize such
interactions, automatic and robust methods that reconstruct hands and
articulated objects in 3D from a color image are needed. Existing methods for
estimating 3D hand and object pose from images focus on rigid objects. In part,
because such methods rely on training data and no dataset of articulated object
manipulation exists. Consequently, we introduce ARCTIC - the first dataset of
free-form interactions of hands and articulated objects. ARCTIC has 1.2M images
paired with accurate 3D meshes for both hands and for objects that move and
deform over time. The dataset also provides hand-object contact information. To
show the value of our dataset, we perform two novel tasks on ARCTIC: (1) 3D
reconstruction of two hands and an articulated object in interaction; (2) an
estimation of dense hand-object relative distances, which we call interaction
field estimation. For the first task, we present ArcticNet, a baseline method
for the task of jointly reconstructing two hands and an articulated object from
an RGB image. For interaction field estimation, we predict the relative
distances from each hand vertex to the object surface, and vice versa. We
introduce InterField, the first method that estimates such distances from a
single RGB image. We provide qualitative and quantitative experiments for both
tasks, and provide detailed analysis on the data. Code and data will be
available at https://arctic.is.tue.mpg.de.

### Title: GRIT: General Robust Image Task Benchmark
* Paper ID: 2204.13653v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13653v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13653v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/allenai/grit_official](https://github.com/allenai/grit_official)
* Summary: Computer vision models excel at making predictions when the test distribution
closely resembles the training distribution. Such models have yet to match the
ability of biological vision to learn from multiple sources and generalize to
new data sources and tasks. To facilitate the development and evaluation of
more general vision systems, we introduce the General Robust Image Task (GRIT)
benchmark. GRIT evaluates the performance, robustness, and calibration of a
vision system across a variety of image prediction tasks, concepts, and data
sources. The seven tasks in GRIT are selected to cover a range of visual
skills: object categorization, object localization, referring expression
grounding, visual question answering, segmentation, human keypoint detection,
and surface normal estimation. GRIT is carefully designed to enable the
evaluation of robustness under image perturbations, image source distribution
shift, and concept distribution shift. By providing a unified platform for
thorough assessment of skills and concepts learned by a vision model, we hope
GRIT catalyzes the development of performant and robust general purpose vision
systems.

### Title: Exponential mixing for random dynamical systems and an example of Pierrehumbert
* Paper ID: 2204.13651v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13651v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13651v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We consider the question of exponential mixing for random dynamical systems
on arbitrary compact manifolds without boundary. We put forward a robust,
dynamics-based framework that allows us to construct space-time smooth,
uniformly bounded in time, universal exponential mixers. The framework is then
applied to the problem of proving exponential mixing in a classical example
proposed by Pierrehumbert in 1994, consisting of alternating periodic shear
flows with randomized phases. This settles a longstanding open problem on
proving the existence of a space-time smooth (universal) exponentially mixing
incompressible velocity field on a two-dimensional periodic domain while also
providing a toolbox for constructing such smooth universal mixers in all
dimensions.

### Title: The Halo Bispectrum Multipoles in Redshift Space
* Paper ID: 2204.13628v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13628v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13628v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present the analysis of the halo bispectrum in redshift-space in terms of
its multipoles, monopole, quadrupole and hexadecapole, measured from a large
set of simulations. We fit such measurements with a tree-level model in
perturbation theory that depends on linear and nonlinear bias parameters as
well as on the growth rate $f$ of density fluctuations. The likelihood analysis
takes advantage of a very large set of mock catalogs, enabling a robust
estimation of the covariance properties for all multipoles. We compare the
numerical estimate of the covariance matrix to its Gaussian prediction finding
discrepancies of 10% or less for all configurations with the sole exception of
the squeezed triangles in the monopole case. We find the range of validity of
the tree-level model, for the total simulation volume of about 1000 $h^{-3}\,
{\rm Gpc}^3$, reaches a maximum wavenumber of $0.08 \, h \, {\rm Mpc}^{-1}$ for
the monopole, while it is limited to $0.06$ and $0.045\, h \, \rm{Mpc}^{-1}$
respectively for quadrupole and hexadecapole. Despite this, the addition of the
quadrupole to the analysis allows for significant improvements on the
determination of the model parameters and specifically on $f$, similarly to the
power spectrum case. Finally, we compare our numerical estimate for the full
covariance with its theoretical prediction in the Gaussian approximation and
find the latter to work remarkably well in the context of simulation boxes with
periodic boundary condition.

### Title: FFT-based Homogenization at Finite Strains using Composite Boxels (ComBo)
* Paper ID: 2204.13624v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13624v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13624v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Computational homogenization is the gold standard for concurrent multi-scale
simulations (e.g., FE2) in scale-bridging applications. Experimental and
synthetic material microstructures are often represented by 3D image data. The
computational complexity of simulations operating on such three-dimensional
high-resolution voxel data comprising billions of unknowns induces the need for
algorithmically and numerically efficient solvers. The inability of voxelized
3D geometries to capture smooth material interfaces accurately, along with the
necessity for complexity reduction, motivates a special local coarse-graining
technique called composite voxels [Kabel,M. et al. (2015)]. Composite voxels
condense multiple fine-scale voxels into a single voxel obeying a
theory-inspired constitutive model by employing laminate theory. Composite
voxels enhance local field quality at a modest computational cost. Our
contribution comprises the generalization towards composite boxels (ComBo) that
are nonequiaxed, a feature that can pay off for materials with a preferred
direction. A novel image-based normal detection algorithm is devised which
improves the accuracy by around 30\% against the orientation cf. [Kabel,M. et
al. (2015) ]. Further, the use of ComBo for finite strain simulations is
studied in detail. An efficient implementation is proposed, and an essential
back-projection algorithm preventing physically inadmissible states is
developed, which improves robustness. Various examples show the efficiency of
ComBo and the proposed algorithmic enhancements for nonlinear mechanical
problems. The general usability is emphasized by examining and comparing the
performance of myriad Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) based solvers including a
detailed description of the new Doubly-Fine Material Grid (DFMG). All of the
employed schemes benefit from the ComBo discretization.

### Title: FlameNEST: Explicit Profile Likelihoods with the Noble Element Simulation Technique
* Paper ID: 2204.13621v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13621v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13621v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present FlameNEST, a framework providing explicit likelihood evaluations
in noble element particle detectors using data-driven models from the Noble
Element Simulation Technique. FlameNEST provides a way to perform statistical
analyses on real data with no dependence on large, computationally expensive
Monte Carlo simulations by evaluating the likelihood on an event-by-event basis
using analytic probability elements convolved together in a single TensorFlow
multiplication. Furthermore, this robust framework creates opportunities for
simple inter-collaborative analyses which will be fundamental for the future of
experimental dark matter physics.

### Title: MeSHup: A Corpus for Full Text Biomedical Document Indexing
* Paper ID: 2204.13604v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13604v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13604v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) indexing refers to the problem of assigning a
given biomedical document with the most relevant labels from an extremely large
set of MeSH terms. Currently, the vast number of biomedical articles in the
PubMed database are manually annotated by human curators, which is time
consuming and costly; therefore, a computational system that can assist the
indexing is highly valuable. When developing supervised MeSH indexing systems,
the availability of a large-scale annotated text corpus is desirable. A
publicly available, large corpus that permits robust evaluation and comparison
of various systems is important to the research community. We release a large
scale annotated MeSH indexing corpus, MeSHup, which contains 1,342,667 full
text articles in English, together with the associated MeSH labels and
metadata, authors, and publication venues that are collected from the MEDLINE
database. We train an end-to-end model that combines features from documents
and their associated labels on our corpus and report the new baseline.

### Title: Learning First-Order Rules with Differentiable Logic Program Semantics
* Paper ID: 2204.13570v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13570v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13570v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Learning first-order logic programs (LPs) from relational facts which yields
intuitive insights into the data is a challenging topic in neuro-symbolic
research. We introduce a novel differentiable inductive logic programming (ILP)
model, called differentiable first-order rule learner (DFOL), which finds the
correct LPs from relational facts by searching for the interpretable matrix
representations of LPs. These interpretable matrices are deemed as trainable
tensors in neural networks (NNs). The NNs are devised according to the
differentiable semantics of LPs. Specifically, we first adopt a novel
propositionalization method that transfers facts to NN-readable vector pairs
representing interpretation pairs. We replace the immediate consequence
operator with NN constraint functions consisting of algebraic operations and a
sigmoid-like activation function. We map the symbolic forward-chained format of
LPs into NN constraint functions consisting of operations between subsymbolic
vector representations of atoms. By applying gradient descent, the trained well
parameters of NNs can be decoded into precise symbolic LPs in forward-chained
logic format. We demonstrate that DFOL can perform on several standard ILP
datasets, knowledge bases, and probabilistic relation facts and outperform
several well-known differentiable ILP models. Experimental results indicate
that DFOL is a precise, robust, scalable, and computationally cheap
differentiable ILP model.

### Title: On the Use of $L$-functionals in Regression Models
* Paper ID: 2204.13552v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13552v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13552v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper we survey and unify a large class or $L$-functionals of the
conditional distribution of the response variable in regression models. This
includes robust measures of location, scale, skewness, and heavytailedness of
the response, conditionally on covariates. We generalize the concepts of
$L$-moments (Sittinen, 1969), $L$-skewness, and $L$-kurtosis (Hosking, 1990)
and introduce order numbers for a large class of $L$-functionals through
orthogonal series expansions of quantile functions. In particular, we motivate
why location, scale, skewness, and heavytailedness have order numbers 1, 2,
(3,2), and (4,2) respectively and describe how a family of $L$-functionals,
with different order numbers, is constructed from Legendre, Hermite, Laguerre
or other types of polynomials. Our framework is applied to models where the
relationship between quantiles of the response and the covariates follow a
transformed linear model, with a link function that determines the appropriate
class of $L$-functionals. In this setting, the distribution of the response is
treated parametrically or nonparametrically, and the response variable is
either censored/truncated or not. We also provide a unified asymptotic theory
of estimates of $L$-functionals, and illustrate our approach by analyzing the
arrival time distribution of migrating birds. In this context a novel version
of the coefficient of determination is introduced, which makes use of the
abovementioned orthogonal series expansion.

### Title: Binary transition metal nitride $M$N$_4$ ($M$ = V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co) with a graphene-like structure and strong magnetic properties
* Paper ID: 2204.13551v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13551v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13551v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Binary transition metal nitride with a graphene-like structure and strong
magnetic properties is rare. Based on the first-principles calculations, we
design two kinds of $M$N$_4$ ($M$ =transition metal) monolayers, which are
transition metal nitrides with a planar structure, made up of $M$N$_4$ units
aligned in the rhombic and squared patterns. The two structural lattices have
robust stability and good compatibility with different metal atoms, and the
underlying mechanism is the combination of $sp^2$ hybridization, coordinate
bond, and $\pi$ conjugation. With metal atom changing from V, Cr, Mn, Fe to Co,
the total charge of $M$N$_4$ system increases by one electron in turn, which
results in continuous adjustability of the electronic and magnetic properties.
The planar ligand field is another feature of the two $M$N$_4$ lattices, which
brings about the special splitting of five suborbitals of 3$d$ metal atom and
gives rise to large local moment and strong magnetism. Moreover, we uncover
$s$-CoN$_4$ monolayer to be high temperature ferromagnetic two-dimensional
material and the Curie temperatures of 613.9 K is determined by the tensor
renormalization group method.

### Title: RIS-aided Joint Localization and Synchronization with a Single-Antenna Receiver: Beamforming Design and Low-Complexity Estimation
* Paper ID: 2204.13484v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13484v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13484v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) have attracted enormous interest
thanks to their ability to overcome line-of-sight blockages in mmWave systems,
enabling in turn accurate localization with minimal infrastructure. Less
investigated are however the benefits of exploiting RIS with suitably designed
beamforming strategies for optimized localization and synchronization
performance. In this paper, a novel low-complexity method for joint
localization and synchronization based on an optimized design of the base
station (BS) active precoding and RIS passive phase profiles is proposed, for
the challenging case of a single-antenna receiver. The theoretical position
error bound is first derived and used as metric to jointly optimize the BS-RIS
beamforming, assuming a priori knowledge of the user position. By exploiting
the low-dimensional structure of the solution, a novel codebook-based robust
design strategy with optimized beam power allocation is then proposed, which
provides low-complexity while taking into account the uncertainty on the user
position. Finally, a reduced-complexity maximum-likelihood based estimation
procedure is devised to jointly recover the user position and the
synchronization offset. Extensive numerical analysis shows that the proposed
joint BS-RIS beamforming scheme provides enhanced localization and
synchronization performance compared to existing solutions, with the proposed
estimator attaining the theoretical bounds even at low signal-to-noise-ratio
and in the presence of additional uncontrollable multipath propagation.

### Title: Stay Safe under Panic: Affine Rust Programming with Multiparty Session Types
* Paper ID: 2204.13464v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13464v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13464v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Communicating systems comprise diverse software components across networks.
To ensure their robustness, modern programming languages such as Rust provide
both strongly typed channels, whose usage is guaranteed to be affine (at most
once), and cancellation operations over binary channels. For coordinating
components to correctly communicate and synchronise with each other, we use the
structuring mechanism from multiparty session types, extending it with affine
communication channels and implicit/explicit cancellation mechanisms. This new
typing discipline, affine multiparty session types (AMPST), ensures
cancellation termination of multiple, independently running components and
guarantees that communication will not get stuck due to error or abrupt
termination. Guided by AMPST, we implemented an automated generation tool
(MultiCrusty) of Rust APIs associated with cancellation termination algorithms,
by which the Rust compiler auto-detects unsafe programs. Our evaluation shows
that MultiCrusty provides an efficient mechanism for communication,
synchronisation and propagation of the notifications of cancellation for
arbitrary processes. We have implemented several usecases, including popular
application protocols (OAuth, SMTP), and protocols with exception handling
patterns (circuit breaker, distributed logging).

### Title: Deep Orientation-Aware Functional Maps: Tackling Symmetry Issues in Shape Matching
* Paper ID: 2204.13453v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13453v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13453v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/nicolasdonati/duo-fm](https://github.com/nicolasdonati/duo-fm)
* Summary: State-of-the-art fully intrinsic networks for non-rigid shape matching often
struggle to disambiguate the symmetries of the shapes leading to unstable
correspondence predictions. Meanwhile, recent advances in the functional map
framework allow to enforce orientation preservation using a functional
representation for tangent vector field transfer, through so-called complex
functional maps. Using this representation, we propose a new deep learning
approach to learn orientation-aware features in a fully unsupervised setting.
Our architecture is built on top of DiffusionNet, making it robust to
discretization changes. Additionally, we introduce a vector field-based loss,
which promotes orientation preservation without using (often unstable)
extrinsic descriptors.

### Title: Mobile EEG artifact correction on limited hardware using artifact subspace recon- struction
* Paper ID: 2204.13444v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13444v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13444v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Biological data like electroencephalography (EEG) are typically contaminated
by unwanted signals, called artifacts. Therefore, many applications dealing
with biological data with low signal-to-noise ratio require robust artifact
correction. For some applications like brain-computer-interfaces (BCI), the
artifact correction needs to be real-time capable. Artifact subspace
reconstruction (ASR) is a statistical method for artifact reduction in EEG.
However, in its current implementation, ASR cannot be used in mobile data
recordings using limited hardware easily. In this report, we add to the growing
field of portable, online signal processing methods by describing an
implementation of ASR for limited hardware like single-board computers. We
describe the architecture, the process of translating and compiling a Matlab
codebase for a research platform, and a set of validation tests using publicly
available data sets. The implementation of ASR on limited, portable hardware
facilitates the online interpretation of EEG signals acquired outside of the
laboratory environment.

### Title: Improving the Robustness of Federated Learning for Severely Imbalanced Datasets
* Paper ID: 2204.13414v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13414v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13414v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the ever increasing data deluge and the success of deep neural networks,
the research of distributed deep learning has become pronounced. Two common
approaches to achieve this distributed learning is synchronous and asynchronous
weight update. In this manuscript, we have explored very simplistic synchronous
weight update mechanisms. It has been seen that with an increasing number of
worker nodes, the performance degrades drastically. This effect has been
studied in the context of extreme imbalanced classification (e.g. outlier
detection). In practical cases, the assumed conditions of i.i.d. may not be
fulfilled. There may also arise global class imbalance situations like that of
outlier detection where the local servers receive severely imbalanced data and
may not get any samples from the minority class. In that case, the DNNs in the
local servers will get completely biased towards the majority class that they
receive. This would highly impact the learning at the parameter server (which
practically does not see any data). It has been observed that in a parallel
setting if one uses the existing federated weight update mechanisms at the
parameter server, the performance degrades drastically with the increasing
number of worker nodes. This is mainly because, with the increasing number of
nodes, there is a high chance that one worker node gets a very small portion of
the data, either not enough to train the model without overfitting or having a
highly imbalanced class distribution. The chapter, hence, proposes a workaround
to this problem by introducing the concept of adaptive cost-sensitive momentum
averaging. It is seen that for the proposed system, there was no to minimal
degradation in performance while most of the other methods hit their bottom
performance before that.

### Title: EvTL: A Temporal Logic for the Transient Analysis of Cyber-Physical Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.13357v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13357v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13357v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The behaviour of systems characterised by a closed interaction of software
components with the environment is inevitably subject to perturbations and
uncertainties. In this paper we propose a general framework for the
specification and verification of requirements on the behaviour of these
systems. We introduce the Evolution Temporal Logic (EvTL), a stochastic
extension of STL allowing us to specify properties of the probability
distributions describing the transient behaviour of systems, and to include the
presence of uncertainties in the specification. We equip EvTL with a robustness
semantics and we prove it sound and complete with respect to the semantics
induced by the evolution metric, i.e., a hemimetric expressing how well a
system is fulfilling its tasks with respect to another one. Finally, we develop
a statistical model checking algorithm for EvTL specifications. As an example
of an application of our framework, we consider a three-tanks laboratory
experiment.

### Title: A robust Bayesian analysis of variable selection under prior ignorance
* Paper ID: 2204.13341v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13341v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13341v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We propose a cautious Bayesian variable selection routine by investigating
the sensitivity of a hierarchical model, where the regression coefficients are
specified by spike and slab priors. We exploit the use of latent variables to
understand the importance of the co-variates. These latent variables also allow
us to obtain the size of the model space which is an important aspect of high
dimensional problems. In our approach, instead of fixing a single prior, we
adopt a specific type of robust Bayesian analysis, where we consider a set of
priors within the same parametric family to specify the selection probabilities
of these latent variables. We achieve that by considering a set of expected
prior selection probabilities, which allows us to perform a sensitivity
analysis to understand the effect of prior elicitation on the variable
selection. The sensitivity analysis provides us sets of posteriors for the
regression coefficients as well as the selection indicators and we show that
the posterior odds of the model selection probabilities are monotone with
respect to the prior expectations of the selection probabilities. We also
analyse synthetic and real life datasets to illustrate our cautious variable
selection method and compare it with other well known methods.

### Title: Improving robustness of language models from a geometry-aware perspective
* Paper ID: 2204.13309v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13309v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13309v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recent studies have found that removing the norm-bounded projection and
increasing search steps in adversarial training can significantly improve
robustness. However, we observe that a too large number of search steps can
hurt accuracy. We aim to obtain strong robustness efficiently using fewer
steps. Through a toy experiment, we find that perturbing the clean data to the
decision boundary but not crossing it does not degrade the test accuracy.
Inspired by this, we propose friendly adversarial data augmentation (FADA) to
generate friendly adversarial data. On top of FADA, we propose geometry-aware
adversarial training (GAT) to perform adversarial training on friendly
adversarial data so that we can save a large number of search steps.
Comprehensive experiments across two widely used datasets and three pre-trained
language models demonstrate that GAT can obtain stronger robustness via fewer
steps. In addition, we provide extensive empirical results and in-depth
analyses on robustness to facilitate future studies.

### Title: Cyborg Beetle Achieves Efficient Autonomous Navigation Using Feedback Control
* Paper ID: 2204.13281v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13281v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13281v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Terrestrial cyborg insects, the fusion between ambulatory insects and
mountable electronic controller, have been long discussed as potential
complements for artificial insect-scaled legged mobile robots. These cyborgs
inherit the living insects' amazing locomotory skills, a flexible but robust
body structure, a vast collection of sensory organs, and a top-notch central
nervous control system, favoring their maneuvers in complex and unstructured
terrains, such as post-disaster environments. However, the development of
automatic navigation for these terrestrial cyborg insects has not yet been
comprehensively studied. The struggle in selecting stimulation parameters for
individual insects challenges the attainment of their reliable and accurate
navigations. This study demonstrates the implementation of feedback control to
overcome this obstacle and provides a detailed look at the navigation control
for terrestrial cyborg insects. Herein, a feedback control system is developed
to realize the automatic navigation of a darkling beetle. Using a thrust
controller for the beetle's acceleration and a proportional controller for its
turning motion, the system alters the stimulation command (i.e., left/right
turn, forward motion) and its parameters (i.e., frequency) depending on the
beetle's instantaneous status. Adjusting the system's control parameters allows
the beetle to be reliably and precisely navigated following a predetermined
path with a success rate of ~80% and an accuracy of ~10 mm. Moreover, the
system allows altering its performance by regulating the control parameters,
providing flexibility to navigation applications of terrestrial cyborg insects.

### Title: Resource-efficient domain adaptive pre-training for medical images
* Paper ID: 2204.13280v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13280v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13280v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The deep learning-based analysis of medical images suffers from data scarcity
because of high annotation costs and privacy concerns. Researchers in this
domain have used transfer learning to avoid overfitting when using complex
architectures. However, the domain differences between pre-training and
downstream data hamper the performance of the downstream task. Some recent
studies have successfully used domain-adaptive pre-training (DAPT) to address
this issue. In DAPT, models are initialized with the generic dataset
pre-trained weights, and further pre-training is performed using a moderately
sized in-domain dataset (medical images). Although this technique achieved good
results for the downstream tasks in terms of accuracy and robustness, it is
computationally expensive even when the datasets for DAPT are moderately sized.
These compute-intensive techniques and models impact the environment negatively
and create an uneven playing field for researchers with limited resources. This
study proposed computationally efficient DAPT without compromising the
downstream accuracy and robustness. This study proposes three techniques for
this purpose, where the first (partial DAPT) performs DAPT on a subset of
layers. The second one adopts a hybrid strategy (hybrid DAPT) by performing
partial DAPT for a few epochs and then full DAPT for the remaining epochs. The
third technique performs DAPT on simplified variants of the base architecture.
The results showed that compared to the standard DAPT (full DAPT), the hybrid
DAPT technique achieved better performance on the development and external
datasets. In contrast, simplified architectures (after DAPT) achieved the best
robustness while achieving modest performance on the development dataset .

### Title: Shielding Federated Learning: Robust Aggregation with Adaptive Client Selection
* Paper ID: 2204.13256v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13256v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning (FL) enables multiple clients to collaboratively train an
accurate global model while protecting clients' data privacy. However, FL is
susceptible to Byzantine attacks from malicious participants. Although the
problem has gained significant attention, existing defenses have several flaws:
the server irrationally chooses malicious clients for aggregation even after
they have been detected in previous rounds; the defenses perform ineffectively
against sybil attacks or in the heterogeneous data setting.
  To overcome these issues, we propose MAB-RFL, a new method for robust
aggregation in FL. By modelling the client selection as an extended multi-armed
bandit (MAB) problem, we propose an adaptive client selection strategy to
choose honest clients that are more likely to contribute high-quality updates.
We then propose two approaches to identify malicious updates from sybil and
non-sybil attacks, based on which rewards for each client selection decision
can be accurately evaluated to discourage malicious behaviors. MAB-RFL achieves
a satisfying balance between exploration and exploitation on the potential
benign clients. Extensive experimental results show that MAB-RFL outperforms
existing defenses in three attack scenarios under different percentages of
attackers.

### Title: Thermal Energy Transport in Oxide Nuclear Fuel
* Paper ID: 2204.13236v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13236v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13236v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: To efficiently capture the energy of the nuclear bond, advanced nuclear
reactor concepts seek solid fuels that must withstand unprecedented temperature
and radiation extremes. In these advanced fuels, thermal energy transport under
irradiation is directly related to reactor performance as well as reactor
safety. The science of thermal transport in nuclear fuel is a grand challenge
due to both computational and experimental complexities. Here, we provide a
comprehensive review of thermal transport research on two actinide oxides: one
currently in use in commercial nuclear reactors, uranium dioxide (UO2), and one
advanced fuel candidate material, thorium dioxide (ThO2). In both materials,
heat is carried by lattice waves or phonons. Crystalline defects caused by
fission events effectively scatter phonons and lead to a degradation in fuel
performance over time. Bolstered by new computational and experimental tools,
researchers are now developing the foundational work necessary to accurately
model and ultimately control thermal transport in advanced nuclear fuel. We
begin by reviewing research aimed at understanding thermal transport in perfect
single crystals. The absence of defects enables studies that focus on the
fundamental aspects of phonon transport. Next, we review research that targets
defect generation and evolution. Here, the focus is on ion irradiation studies
used as surrogates for damage caused by fission products. We end this review
with a discussion of modeling and experimental efforts directed at predicting
and validating mesoscale thermal transport in the presence of irradiation
defects. While efforts into these research areas have been robust, challenging
work remains in developing holistic tools to capture and predict thermal energy
transport across widely varying environmental conditions.

### Title: Adversarial Fine-tune with Dynamically Regulated Adversary
* Paper ID: 2204.13232v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13232v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13232v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Adversarial training is an effective method to boost model robustness to
malicious, adversarial attacks. However, such improvement in model robustness
often leads to a significant sacrifice of standard performance on clean images.
In many real-world applications such as health diagnosis and autonomous
surgical robotics, the standard performance is more valued over model
robustness against such extremely malicious attacks. This leads to the
question: To what extent we can boost model robustness without sacrificing
standard performance? This work tackles this problem and proposes a simple yet
effective transfer learning-based adversarial training strategy that
disentangles the negative effects of adversarial samples on model's standard
performance. In addition, we introduce a training-friendly adversarial attack
algorithm, which facilitates the boost of adversarial robustness without
introducing significant training complexity. Extensive experimentation
indicates that the proposed method outperforms previous adversarial training
algorithms towards the target: to improve model robustness while preserving
model's standard performance on clean data.

### Title: The Pseudo-Reachability Problem for Diagonalisable Linear Dynamical Systems
* Paper ID: 2204.12253v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12253v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12253v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We study fundamental reachability problems on pseudo-orbits of linear
dynamical systems. Pseudo-orbits can be viewed as a model of computation with
limited precision and pseudo-reachability can be thought of as a robust version
of classical reachability. Using an approach based on $o$-minimality of
$\reals_{\exp}$ we prove decidability of the discrete-time pseudo-reachability
problem with arbitrary semialgebraic targets for diagonalisable linear
dynamical systems. We also show that our method can be used to reduce the
continuous-time pseudo-reachability problem to the (classical) time-bounded
reachability problem, which is known to be conditionally decidable.

### Title: End-to-End Audio Strikes Back: Boosting Augmentations Towards An Efficient Audio Classification Network
* Paper ID: 2204.11479v3
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11479v3](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11479v3)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: While efficient architectures and a plethora of augmentations for end-to-end
image classification tasks have been suggested and heavily investigated,
state-of-the-art techniques for audio classifications still rely on numerous
representations of the audio signal together with large architectures,
fine-tuned from large datasets. By utilizing the inherited lightweight nature
of audio and novel audio augmentations, we were able to present an efficient
end-to-end network with strong generalization ability. Experiments on a variety
of sound classification sets demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of
our approach, by achieving state-of-the-art results in various settings. Public
code will be available.

