### Title: RAMBO-RL: Robust Adversarial Model-Based Offline Reinforcement Learning
* Paper ID: 2204.12581v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12581v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12581v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Offline reinforcement learning (RL) aims to find near-optimal policies from
logged data without further environment interaction. Model-based algorithms,
which learn a model of the environment from the dataset and perform
conservative policy optimisation within that model, have emerged as a promising
approach to this problem. In this work, we present Robust Adversarial
Model-Based Offline RL (RAMBO), a novel approach to model-based offline RL. To
achieve conservatism, we formulate the problem as a two-player zero sum game
against an adversarial environment model. The model is trained minimise the
value function while still accurately predicting the transitions in the
dataset, forcing the policy to act conservatively in areas not covered by the
dataset. To approximately solve the two-player game, we alternate between
optimising the policy and optimising the model adversarially. The problem
formulation that we address is theoretically grounded, resulting in a PAC
performance guarantee and a pessimistic value function which lower bounds the
value function in the true environment. We evaluate our approach on widely
studied offline RL benchmarks, and demonstrate that our approach achieves state
of the art performance.

### Title: A direct measurement of the distance to the Galactic center using the kinematics of bar stars
* Paper ID: 2204.12551v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12551v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12551v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The distance to the Galactic center $R_0$ is a fundamental parameter for
understanding the Milky Way, because all observations of our Galaxy are made
from our heliocentric reference point. The uncertainty in $R_0$ limits our
knowledge of many aspects of the Milky Way, including its total mass and the
relative mass of its major components, and any orbital parameters of stars
employed in chemo-dynamical analyses. While measurements of $R_0$ have been
improving over a century, measurements in the past few years from a variety of
methods still find a wide range of $R_0$ being somewhere within $8.0$ to
$8.5\,\mathrm{kpc}$. The most precise measurements to date have to assume that
Sgr A$^*$ is at rest at the Galactic center, which may not be the case. In this
paper, we use maps of the kinematics of stars in the Galactic bar derived from
APOGEE DR17 and Gaia EDR3 data augmented with spectro-photometric distances
from the \texttt{astroNN} neural-network method. These maps clearly display the
minimum in the rotational velocity $v_T$ and the quadrupolar signature in
radial velocity $v_R$ expected for stars orbiting in a bar. From the minimum in
$v_T$, we measure $R_0 = 8.23 \pm 0.12\,\mathrm{kpc}$. We validate our
measurement using realistic $N$-body simulations of the Milky Way. We further
measure the pattern speed of the bar to be $\Omega_\mathrm{bar} =
40.08\pm1.78\,\mathrm{km\,s}^{-1}\mathrm{kpc}^{-1}$. Because the bar forms out
of the disk, its center is manifestly the barycenter of the bar+disc system and
our measurement is therefore the most robust and accurate measurement of $R_0$
to date.

### Title: Data Bootstrapping Approaches to Improve Low Resource Abusive Language Detection for Indic Languages
* Paper ID: 2204.12543v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12543v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12543v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Abusive language is a growing concern in many social media platforms.
Repeated exposure to abusive speech has created physiological effects on the
target users. Thus, the problem of abusive language should be addressed in all
forms for online peace and safety. While extensive research exists in abusive
speech detection, most studies focus on English. Recently, many smearing
incidents have occurred in India, which provoked diverse forms of abusive
speech in online space in various languages based on the geographic location.
Therefore it is essential to deal with such malicious content. In this paper,
to bridge the gap, we demonstrate a large-scale analysis of multilingual
abusive speech in Indic languages. We examine different interlingual transfer
mechanisms and observe the performance of various multilingual models for
abusive speech detection for eight different Indic languages. We also
experiment to show how robust these models are on adversarial attacks. Finally,
we conduct an in-depth error analysis by looking into the models' misclassified
posts across various settings. We have made our code and models public for
other researchers.

### Title: Covariance-analytic performance criteria, Hardy-Schatten norms and Wick-like ordering of cascaded systems
* Paper ID: 2204.12519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper is concerned with linear stochastic systems whose output is a
stationary Gaussian random process related by an integral operator to a
standard Wiener process at the input. We consider a performance criterion which
involves the trace of an analytic function of the spectral density of the
output process. This class of "covariance-analytic" cost functionals includes
the usual mean square and risk-sensitive criteria as particular cases. Due to
the presence of the "cost-shaping" analytic function, the performance criterion
is related to higher-order Hardy-Schatten norms of the system transfer
function. These norms have links with the asymptotic properties of cumulants of
finite-horizon quadratic functionals of the system output and satisfy
variational inequalities pertaining to system robustness to statistically
uncertain inputs. In the case of strictly proper finite-dimensional systems,
governed in state space by linear stochastic differential equations, we develop
a method for recursively computing the Hardy-Schatten norms through a recently
proposed technique of rearranging cascaded linear systems, which resembles the
Wick ordering of annihilation and creation operators in quantum mechanics. The
resulting computational procedure involves a recurrence sequence of solutions
to algebraic Lyapunov equations and represents the covariance-analytic cost as
the squared $\mathcal{H}_2$-norm of an auxiliary cascaded system. These results
are also compared with an alternative approach which uses higher-order
derivatives of stabilising solutions of parameter-dependent algebraic Riccati
equations.

### Title: A random matrix theory for the robustness, quantization, and end-to-end correlation of zero-bias conductance peaks in class D ensemble: Searching for Majorana zero modes in disordered quantum dots and wires
* Paper ID: 2204.12505v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12505v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12505v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We develop a general theory to study strong random quenched disorder effects
in systems of experimental relevance in the search for Majorana zero modes
(MZMs) in topological superconductors. Using the random matrix theory in class
D ensemble, we simulate the transport properties of random quantum dots (QDs)
by attaching leads and calculating the differential conductance in the S matrix
formalism. To add the concept of the length to the random system so that
disordered Majorana nanowires can be simulated by the random matrix theory, we
generalize the model of a single QD to a chain of QDs by analogy with the SC-SM
nanowire Majorana platform. We first define a new concept, the robustness of
zero-bias conductance peaks (ZBCPs) in terms of an effective random Hamiltonian
considering the self-energy of leads. We then study the joint distribution for
the robustness and ZBCPs and find a strong correlation that the zero-bias
conductance peak with stronger robustness is also prone to carry a larger
conductance peak near $2e^2/h$. This trend is more prominent in shorter chains
than in longer chains. This is consistent with experimentally observed
zero-bias conductance associated with disorder-induced trivial Andreev bound
states (the so-called ugly ZBCP). Finally, we study the end-to-end correlation
of the disorder-induced zero-bias conductances from two leads by calculating
the normalized mutual information, which estimates the degrees of the
correlation arising from the trivial ZBCPs. Our work provides an estimate of
several important metrics used in SC-SM experiments to determine the nature of
ZBCPs, including the robustness, quantization, and end-to-end correlation of
the trivial ZBCPs. Therefore, in order to claim any evidence for the MZM, one
must establish the observed ZBCPs to have considerable statistical significance
well beyond what we find in this work to exist for the trivial peaks.

### Title: From One Hand to Multiple Hands: Imitation Learning for Dexterous Manipulation from Single-Camera Teleoperation
* Paper ID: 2204.12490v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12490v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12490v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We propose to perform imitation learning for dexterous manipulation with
multi-finger robot hand from human demonstrations, and transfer the policy to
the real robot hand. We introduce a novel single-camera teleoperation system to
collect the 3D demonstrations efficiently with only an iPad and a computer. One
key contribution of our system is that we construct a customized robot hand for
each user in the physical simulator, which is a manipulator resembling the same
kinematics structure and shape of the operator's hand. This provides an
intuitive interface and avoid unstable human-robot hand retargeting for data
collection, leading to large-scale and high quality data. Once the data is
collected, the customized robot hand trajectories can be converted to different
specified robot hands (models that are manufactured) to generate training
demonstrations. With imitation learning using our data, we show large
improvement over baselines with multiple complex manipulation tasks.
Importantly, we show our learned policy is significantly more robust when
transferring to the real robot. More videos can be found in the
https://yzqin.github.io/dex-teleop-imitation .

### Title: Robust measurements of n-point correlation functions of driven-dissipative quantum systems on a digital quantum computer
* Paper ID: 2204.12400v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12400v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12400v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We propose and demonstrate a unified hierarchical method to measure n-point
correlation functions that can be applied to driven, dissipative, or otherwise
non-equilibrium systems. In this method, the time evolution of the system is
repeatedly interrupted by interacting an ancillary qubit with the system
through a controlled operation, and measuring the ancilla immediately
afterwards. We discuss robustness of this method versus ancilla-enabled
interferometric techniques (such as the Hadamard test), and implement the
method on a quantum computer in order to measure single-particle Green's
functions of a driven-dissipative fermionic system. This work shows that
dynamical correlation functions for driven-dissipative systems can be measured
with near-term quantum computers.

### Title: Streaming Algorithms for High-Dimensional Robust Statistics
* Paper ID: 2204.12399v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12399v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12399v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We study high-dimensional robust statistics tasks in the streaming model. A
recent line of work obtained computationally efficient algorithms for a range
of high-dimensional robust estimation tasks. Unfortunately, all previous
algorithms require storing the entire dataset, incurring memory at least
quadratic in the dimension. In this work, we develop the first efficient
streaming algorithms for high-dimensional robust statistics with near-optimal
memory requirements (up to logarithmic factors). Our main result is for the
task of high-dimensional robust mean estimation in (a strengthening of) Huber's
contamination model. We give an efficient single-pass streaming algorithm for
this task with near-optimal error guarantees and space complexity nearly-linear
in the dimension. As a corollary, we obtain streaming algorithms with
near-optimal space complexity for several more complex tasks, including robust
covariance estimation, robust regression, and more generally robust stochastic
optimization.

### Title: On Fragile Features and Batch Normalization in Adversarial Training
* Paper ID: 2204.12393v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12393v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12393v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Modern deep learning architecture utilize batch normalization (BN) to
stabilize training and improve accuracy. It has been shown that the BN layers
alone are surprisingly expressive. In the context of robustness against
adversarial examples, however, BN is argued to increase vulnerability. That is,
BN helps to learn fragile features. Nevertheless, BN is still used in
adversarial training, which is the de-facto standard to learn robust features.
In order to shed light on the role of BN in adversarial training, we
investigate to what extent the expressiveness of BN can be used to robustify
fragile features in comparison to random features. On CIFAR10, we find that
adversarially fine-tuning just the BN layers can result in non-trivial
adversarial robustness. Adversarially training only the BN layers from scratch,
in contrast, is not able to convey meaningful adversarial robustness. Our
results indicate that fragile features can be used to learn models with
moderate adversarial robustness, while random features cannot

### Title: Performance Analysis of Out-of-Distribution Detection on Trained Neural Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.12378v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12378v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12378v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Several areas have been improved with Deep Learning during the past years.
Implementing Deep Neural Networks (DNN) for non-safety related applications
have shown remarkable achievements over the past years; however, for using DNNs
in safety critical applications, we are missing approaches for verifying the
robustness of such models. A common challenge for DNNs occurs when exposed to
out-of-distribution samples that are outside of the scope of a DNN, but which
result in high confidence outputs despite no prior knowledge of such input.
  In this paper, we analyze three methods that separate between in- and
out-of-distribution data, called supervisors, on four well-known DNN
architectures. We find that the outlier detection performance improves with the
quality of the model. We also analyse the performance of the particular
supervisors during the training procedure by applying the supervisor at a
predefined interval to investigate its performance as the training proceeds. We
observe that understanding the relationship between training results and
supervisor performance is crucial to improve the model's robustness and to
indicate, what input samples require further measures to improve the robustness
of a DNN. In addition, our work paves the road towards an instrument for safety
argumentation for safety critical applications. This paper is an extended
version of our previous work presented at 2019 SEAA (cf. [1]); here, we
elaborate on the used metrics, add an additional supervisor and test them on
two additional datasets.

### Title: Robust Audio-Visual Instance Discrimination via Active Contrastive Set Mining
* Paper ID: 2204.12366v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12366v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12366v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The recent success of audio-visual representation learning can be largely
attributed to their pervasive property of audio-visual synchronization, which
can be used as self-annotated supervision. As a state-of-the-art solution,
Audio-Visual Instance Discrimination (AVID) extends instance discrimination to
the audio-visual realm. Existing AVID methods construct the contrastive set by
random sampling based on the assumption that the audio and visual clips from
all other videos are not semantically related. We argue that this assumption is
rough, since the resulting contrastive sets have a large number of faulty
negatives. In this paper, we overcome this limitation by proposing a novel
Active Contrastive Set Mining (ACSM) that aims to mine the contrastive sets
with informative and diverse negatives for robust AVID. Moreover, we also
integrate a semantically-aware hard-sample mining strategy into our ACSM. The
proposed ACSM is implemented into two most recent state-of-the-art AVID methods
and significantly improves their performance. Extensive experiments conducted
on both action and sound recognition on multiple datasets show the remarkably
improved performance of our method.

### Title: Causal Transportability for Visual Recognition
* Paper ID: 2204.12363v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12363v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12363v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Visual representations underlie object recognition tasks, but they often
contain both robust and non-robust features. Our main observation is that image
classifiers may perform poorly on out-of-distribution samples because spurious
correlations between non-robust features and labels can be changed in a new
environment. By analyzing procedures for out-of-distribution generalization
with a causal graph, we show that standard classifiers fail because the
association between images and labels is not transportable across settings.
However, we then show that the causal effect, which severs all sources of
confounding, remains invariant across domains. This motivates us to develop an
algorithm to estimate the causal effect for image classification, which is
transportable (i.e., invariant) across source and target environments. Without
observing additional variables, we show that we can derive an estimand for the
causal effect under empirical assumptions using representations in deep models
as proxies. Theoretical analysis, empirical results, and visualizations show
that our approach captures causal invariances and improves overall
generalization.

### Title: REDCHO: Robust Exact Dynamic Consensus of High Order
* Paper ID: 2204.12344v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12344v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12344v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This article addresses the problem of average consensus in a multi-agent
system when the desired consensus quantity is a time varying signal. Recently,
the EDCHO protocol leveraged high order sliding modes to achieve exact
consensus under a constrained set of initial conditions, limiting its
applicability to static networks. In this work, we propose REDCHO, an extension
of the previous protocol which is robust to mismatch in the initial conditions,
making it suitable to use cases in which connection and disconnection of agents
is possible. The convergence properties of the protocol are formally explored.
Finally, the effectiveness and advantages of our proposal are shown with
concrete simulation examples showing the benefits of REDCHO against other
methods in the literature.

### Title: Systematicity, Compositionality and Transitivity of Deep NLP Models: a Metamorphic Testing Perspective
* Paper ID: 2204.12316v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12316v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12316v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Metamorphic testing has recently been used to check the safety of neural NLP
models. Its main advantage is that it does not rely on a ground truth to
generate test cases. However, existing studies are mostly concerned with
robustness-like metamorphic relations, limiting the scope of linguistic
properties they can test. We propose three new classes of metamorphic
relations, which address the properties of systematicity, compositionality and
transitivity. Unlike robustness, our relations are defined over multiple source
inputs, thus increasing the number of test cases that we can produce by a
polynomial factor. With them, we test the internal consistency of
state-of-the-art NLP models, and show that they do not always behave according
to their expected linguistic properties. Lastly, we introduce a novel graphical
notation that efficiently summarises the inner structure of metamorphic
relations.

### Title: Unified GCNs: Towards Connecting GCNs with CNNs
* Paper ID: 2204.12300v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12300v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12300v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have been widely demonstrated their
powerful ability in graph data representation and learning. Existing graph
convolution layers are mainly designed based on graph signal processing and
transform aspect which usually suffer from some limitations, such as
over-smoothing, over-squashing and non-robustness, etc. As we all know that
Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs) have received great success in many computer
vision and machine learning. One main aspect is that CNNs leverage many
learnable convolution filters (kernels) to obtain rich feature descriptors and
thus can have high capacity to encode complex patterns in visual data analysis.
Also, CNNs are flexible in designing their network architecture, such as
MobileNet, ResNet, Xception, etc. Therefore, it is natural to arise a question:
can we design graph convolutional layer as flexibly as that in CNNs?
Innovatively, in this paper, we consider connecting GCNs with CNNs deeply from
a general perspective of depthwise separable convolution operation.
Specifically, we show that GCN and GAT indeed perform some specific depthwise
separable convolution operations. This novel interpretation enables us to
better understand the connections between GCNs (GCN, GAT) and CNNs and further
inspires us to design more Unified GCNs (UGCNs). As two showcases, we implement
two UGCNs, i.e., Separable UGCN (S-UGCN) and General UGCN (G-UGCN) for graph
data representation and learning. Promising experiments on several graph
representation benchmarks demonstrate the effectiveness and advantages of the
proposed UGCNs.

### Title: Thermal and dimensional evaluation of a test plate for assessing the measurement capability of a thermal imager within nuclear decommissioning storage
* Paper ID: 2204.12292v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12292v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12292v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this laboratory-based study, a plate was designed, manufactured and then
characterised thermally and dimensionally using a thermal imager. This plate
comprised a range of known scratch, dent, thinning and pitting artefacts as
mimics of possible surface anomalies, as well as an arrangement of higher
emissivity targets. The thermal and dimensional characterisation of this plate
facilitated surface temperature determination. This was verified through
thermal models and successful defect identification of the scratch and pitting
artefacts at temperatures from \SIrange{30}{170}{\celsius}.
  These laboratory measurements demonstrated the feasibility of deploying
in-situ thermal imaging to the thermal and dimensional characterisation of
special nuclear material containers. Surface temperature determination
demonstrated uncertainties from \SIrange{1.0}{6.8}{\celsius} (\(k = 2\)). The
principle challenges inhibiting successful deployment are a lack of suitable
emissivity data and a robust defect identification algorithm suited to both
static and transient datasets.

### Title: Large Interferometer For Exoplanets (LIFE): VII. Practical implementation of a kernel-nulling beam combiner with a discussion on instrumental uncertainties and redundancy benefits
* Paper ID: 2204.12291v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12291v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12291v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: (Abridged)
  Context: In the previous paper in this series, we identified that a
pentagonal arrangement of five telescopes, using a kernel-nulling beam
combiner, shows notable advantages for some important performance metrics for a
space-based mid-infrared nulling interferometer over several other considered
configurations for the detection of Earth-like exoplanets around solar-type
stars.
  Aims: We aim to produce a practical implementation of a kernel-nulling beam
combiner for such a configuration, as well as a discussion of systematic and
stochastic errors associated with the instrument.
  Methods: We develop the mathematical framework around a beam-combiner based
on a nulling combiner first suggested by Guyon et al. (2013), and then use it
along with the simulator developed in the previous paper to identify the
effects of systematic uncertainties.
  Results: We find that errors in the beam combiner optics, systematic phase
errors and the RMS fringe tracking errors result in instrument limited
performance at $\sim$4-7 $\mu$m, and zodiacal limited at $\gtrsim$10 $\mu$m.
Assuming a beam splitter reflectance error of $|\Delta R| = 5\%$ and phase
shift error of $\Delta\phi = 3$ degrees, we find that the fringe tracking RMS
should be kept to less than 3 nm in order to be photon limited, and the
systematic piston error be less than 0.5 nm to be appropriately sensitive to
planets with a contrast of 1$\times 10^{-7}$ over a 4-19 $\mu$m bandpass. We
also identify that the beam combiner design, with the inclusion of a well
positioned shutter, provides an ability to produce robust kernel observables
even if one or two collecting telescopes were to fail. The resulting four
telescope combiner, when put into an X-array formation, results in a
transmission map with an relative SNR equivalent to 80% of the fully
functioning X-array combiner.

### Title: Unsupervised Learning of Unbiased Visual Representations
* Paper ID: 2204.12941v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12941v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12941v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deep neural networks are known for their inability to learn robust
representations when biases exist in the dataset. This results in a poor
generalization to unbiased datasets, as the predictions strongly rely on
peripheral and confounding factors, which are erroneously learned by the
network. Many existing works deal with this issue by either employing an
explicit supervision on the bias attributes, or assuming prior knowledge about
the bias. In this work we study this problem in a more difficult scenario, in
which no explicit annotation about the bias is available, and without any prior
knowledge about its nature. We propose a fully unsupervised debiasing
framework, consisting of three steps: first, we exploit the natural preference
for learning malignant biases, obtaining a bias-capturing model; then, we
perform a pseudo-labelling step to obtain bias labels; finally we employ
state-of-the-art supervised debiasing techniques to obtain an unbiased model.
We also propose a theoretical framework to assess the biasness of a model, and
provide a detailed analysis on how biases affect the training of neural
networks. We perform experiments on synthetic and real-world datasets, showing
that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance in a variety of settings,
sometimes even higher than fully supervised debiasing approaches.

### Title: Using Machine Learning to Fuse Verbal Autopsy Narratives and Binary Features in the Analysis of Deaths from Hyperglycaemia
* Paper ID: 2204.12169v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12169v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12169v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/thokozile123/machine-learning-text-binary](https://github.com/thokozile123/machine-learning-text-binary)
* Summary: Lower-and-middle income countries are faced with challenges arising from a
lack of data on cause of death (COD), which can limit decisions on population
health and disease management. A verbal autopsy(VA) can provide information
about a COD in areas without robust death registration systems. A VA consists
of structured data, combining numeric and binary features, and unstructured
data as part of an open-ended narrative text. This study assesses the
performance of various machine learning approaches when analyzing both the
structured and unstructured components of the VA report. The algorithms were
trained and tested via cross-validation in the three settings of binary
features, text features and a combination of binary and text features derived
from VA reports from rural South Africa. The results obtained indicate
narrative text features contain valuable information for determining COD and
that a combination of binary and text features improves the automated COD
classification task.
  Keywords: Diabetes Mellitus, Verbal Autopsy, Cause of Death, Machine
Learning, Natural Language Processing

### Title: Motion Planning and Robust Tracking for the Heat Equation using Boundary Control
* Paper ID: 2204.12144v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12144v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12144v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Robust output tracking is addressed in this paper for a heat equation with
Neumann boundary conditions and anti-collocated boundary input and output. The
desired reference tracking is solved using the well-known flatness and Lyapunov
approaches. The reference profile is obtained by solving the motion planning
problem for the nominal plant. To robustify the closed-loop system in the
presence of the disturbances and uncertainties, it is then augmented with PI
feedback plus a discontinuous component responsible for rejecting matched
disturbances with \textit{a priori} known magnitude bounds. Such control law
only requires the information of the system at the same boundary as the control
input is located. The resulting dynamic controller globally exponentially
stabilizes the error dynamics while also attenuating the influence of
Lipschitz-in-time external disturbances and parameter uncertainties. For the
case when the motion planning is performed over the uncertain plant, an
exponential Input-to-State Stability is obtained, preserving the boundedness of
the tracking error norm. The proposed controller relies on a discontinuous term
that however passes through an integrator, thereby minimizing the chattering
effect in the plant dynamics. The performance of the closed-loop system, thus
designed, is illustrated in simulations under different kinds of reference
trajectories in the presence of external disturbances and parameter
uncertainties.

### Title: Deeper Insights into ViTs Robustness towards Common Corruptions
* Paper ID: 2204.12143v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12143v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12143v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recent literature have shown design strategies from Convolutions Neural
Networks (CNNs) benefit Vision Transformers (ViTs) in various vision tasks.
However, it remains unclear how these design choices impact on robustness when
transferred to ViTs. In this paper, we make the first attempt to investigate
how CNN-like architectural designs and CNN-based data augmentation strategies
impact on ViTs' robustness towards common corruptions through an extensive and
rigorous benchmarking. We demonstrate that overlapping patch embedding and
convolutional Feed-Forward Network (FFN) boost performance on robustness.
Furthermore, adversarial noise training is powerful on ViTs while
fourier-domain augmentation fails. Moreover, we introduce a novel conditional
method enabling input-varied augmentations from two angles: (1) Generating
dynamic augmentation parameters conditioned on input images. It conduces to
state-of-the-art performance on robustness through conditional convolutions;
(2) Selecting most suitable augmentation strategy by an extra predictor helps
to achieve the best trade-off between clean accuracy and robustness.

### Title: Robust Two-Layer Partition Clustering of Sparse Multivariate Functional Data
* Paper ID: 2204.12135v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12135v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12135v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/ZhuoQu/Sparse_multivariate_functional_clustering](https://github.com/ZhuoQu/Sparse_multivariate_functional_clustering)
* Summary: In this work, a novel elastic time distance for sparse multivariate
functional data is proposed. This concept serves as the foundation for
clustering functional data with various time measurements per subject.
Subsequently, a robust two-layer partition clustering is introduced. With the
proposed distance, our approach not only is applicable to both complete and
imbalanced multivariate functional data but also is resistant to outliers and
capable of detecting outliers that do not belong to any clusters. The classical
distance-based clustering methods such as K-medoids and agglomerative
hierarchical clustering are extended to the sparse multivariate functional case
based on our proposed distance. Numerical experiments on the simulated data
highlight that the performance of the proposed algorithm is superior to the
performances of the existing model-based and extended distance-based methods.
Using Northwest Pacific cyclone track data as an example, we demonstrate the
effectiveness of the proposed approach. The code is available online for
readers to apply our clustering method and replicate our analyses.

### Title: A Robust Contrastive Alignment Method For Multi-Domain Text Classification
* Paper ID: 2204.12125v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12125v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12125v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Multi-domain text classification can automatically classify texts in various
scenarios. Due to the diversity of human languages, texts with the same label
in different domains may differ greatly, which brings challenges to the
multi-domain text classification. Current advanced methods use the
private-shared paradigm, capturing domain-shared features by a shared encoder,
and training a private encoder for each domain to extract domain-specific
features. However, in realistic scenarios, these methods suffer from
inefficiency as new domains are constantly emerging. In this paper, we propose
a robust contrastive alignment method to align text classification features of
various domains in the same feature space by supervised contrastive learning.
By this means, we only need two universal feature extractors to achieve
multi-domain text classification. Extensive experimental results show that our
method performs on par with or sometimes better than the state-of-the-art
method, which uses the complex multi-classifier in a private-shared framework.

### Title: Mask scalar prediction for improving robust automatic speech recognition
* Paper ID: 2204.12092v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12092v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12092v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Using neural network based acoustic frontends for improving robustness of
streaming automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems is challenging because of
the causality constraints and the resulting distortion that the frontend
processing introduces in speech. Time-frequency masking based approaches have
been shown to work well, but they need additional hyper-parameters to scale the
mask to limit speech distortion. Such mask scalars are typically hand-tuned and
chosen conservatively. In this work, we present a technique to predict mask
scalars using an ASR-based loss in an end-to-end fashion, with minimal increase
in the overall model size and complexity. We evaluate the approach on two
robust ASR tasks: multichannel enhancement in the presence of speech and
non-speech noise, and acoustic echo cancellation (AEC). Results show that the
presented algorithm consistently improves word error rate (WER) without the
need for any additional tuning over strong baselines that use hand-tuned
hyper-parameters: up to 16% for multichannel enhancement in noisy conditions,
and up to 7% for AEC.

### Title: Frequency Hopping Joint Radar-Communications with Hybrid Sub-pulse Frequency and Duration
* Paper ID: 2204.12090v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12090v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12090v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Frequency-hopping (FH) joint radar-communications (JRC) can offer excellent
security for integrated sensing and communication systems. However, existing
JRC schemes mainly embed information using only the sub-pulse frequencies and
hence the data rate is limited. In this paper, we propose to use both sub-pulse
frequencies and durations for information modulation, leading to higher
communication data rates. For information demodulation, we propose a novel
scheme by using the time-frequency analysis (TFA) technique and a "you only
look once" (YOLO)-based detection system. As such, our system does not require
channel estimation, simplifying the transmission signal frame design.
Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our scheme, and show that
it is robust against the Doppler shift and timing offset between the
transceiver and the communication receiver.

### Title: A physics-informed deep neural network for surrogate modeling in classical elasto-plasticity
* Paper ID: 2204.12088v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12088v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12088v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we present a deep neural network architecture that can
efficiently approximate classical elasto-plastic constitutive relations. The
network is enriched with crucial physics aspects of classical
elasto-plasticity, including additive decomposition of strains into elastic and
plastic parts, and nonlinear incremental elasticity. This leads to a
Physics-Informed Neural Network (PINN) surrogate model named here as
Elasto-Plastic Neural Network (EPNN). Detailed analyses show that embedding
these physics into the architecture of the neural network facilitates a more
efficient training of the network with less training data, while also enhancing
the extrapolation capability for loading regimes outside the training data. The
architecture of EPNN is model and material-independent, i.e. it can be adapted
to a wide range of elasto-plastic material types, including geomaterials and
metals; and experimental data can potentially be directly used in training the
network. To demonstrate the robustness of the proposed architecture, we adapt
its general framework to the elasto-plastic behavior of sands. We use synthetic
data generated from material point simulations based on a relatively advanced
dilatancy-based constitutive model for granular materials to train the neural
network. The superiority of EPNN over regular neural network architectures is
explored through predicting unseen strain-controlled loading paths for sands
with different initial densities.

### Title: U-Net with ResNet Backbone for Garment Landmarking Purpose
* Paper ID: 2204.12084v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12084v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12084v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We build a heatmap-based landmark detection model to locate important
landmarks on 2D RGB garment images. The main goal is to detect edges, corners
and suitable interior region of the garments. This let us re-create 3D garments
in modern 3D editing software by incorporate landmark detection model and
texture unwrapping. We use a U-net architecture with ResNet backbone to build
the model. With an appropriate loss function, we are able to train a moderately
robust model.

### Title: AAU-net: An Adaptive Attention U-net for Breast Lesions Segmentation in Ultrasound Images
* Paper ID: 2204.12077v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12077v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12077v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Various deep learning methods have been proposed to segment breast lesion
from ultrasound images. However, similar intensity distributions, variable
tumor morphology and blurred boundaries present challenges for breast lesions
segmentation, especially for malignant tumors with irregular shapes.
Considering the complexity of ultrasound images, we develop an adaptive
attention U-net (AAU-net) to segment breast lesions automatically and stably
from ultrasound images. Specifically, we introduce a hybrid adaptive attention
module, which mainly consists of a channel self-attention block and a spatial
self-attention block, to replace the traditional convolution operation.
Compared with the conventional convolution operation, the design of the hybrid
adaptive attention module can help us capture more features under different
receptive fields. Different from existing attention mechanisms, the hybrid
adaptive attention module can guide the network to adaptively select more
robust representation in channel and space dimensions to cope with more complex
breast lesions segmentation. Extensive experiments with several
state-of-the-art deep learning segmentation methods on three public breast
ultrasound datasets show that our method has better performance on breast
lesion segmentation. Furthermore, robustness analysis and external experiments
demonstrate that our proposed AAU-net has better generalization performance on
the segmentation of breast lesions. Moreover, the hybrid adaptive attention
module can be flexibly applied to existing network frameworks.

### Title: Suggesting Relevant Questions for a Query Using Statistical Natural Language Processing Technique
* Paper ID: 2204.12069v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12069v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12069v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Suggesting similar questions for a user query has many applications ranging
from reducing search time of users on e-commerce websites, training of
employees in companies to holistic learning for students. The use of Natural
Language Processing techniques for suggesting similar questions is prevalent
over the existing architecture. Mainly two approaches are studied for finding
text similarity namely syntactic and semantic, however each has its draw-backs
and fail to provide the desired outcome. In this article, a self-learning
combined approach is proposed for determining textual similarity that
introduces a robust weighted syntactic and semantic similarity index for
determining similar questions from a predetermined database, this approach
learns the optimal combination of the mentioned approaches for a database under
consideration. Comprehensive analysis has been carried out to justify the
efficiency and efficacy of the proposed approach over the existing literature.

### Title: Self-recoverable Adversarial Examples: A New Effective Protection Mechanism in Social Networks
* Paper ID: 2204.12050v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12050v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12050v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Malicious intelligent algorithms greatly threaten the security of social
users' privacy by detecting and analyzing the uploaded photos to social network
platforms. The destruction to DNNs brought by the adversarial attack sparks the
potential that adversarial examples serve as a new protection mechanism for
privacy security in social networks. However, the existing adversarial example
does not have recoverability for serving as an effective protection mechanism.
To address this issue, we propose a recoverable generative adversarial network
to generate self-recoverable adversarial examples. By modeling the adversarial
attack and recovery as a united task, our method can minimize the error of the
recovered examples while maximizing the attack ability, resulting in better
recoverability of adversarial examples. To further boost the recoverability of
these examples, we exploit a dimension reducer to optimize the distribution of
adversarial perturbation. The experimental results prove that the adversarial
examples generated by the proposed method present superior recoverability,
attack ability, and robustness on different datasets and network architectures,
which ensure its effectiveness as a protection mechanism in social networks.

### Title: ISTRBoost: Importance Sampling Transfer Regression using Boosting
* Paper ID: 2204.12044v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12044v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12044v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Current Instance Transfer Learning (ITL) methodologies use domain adaptation
and sub-space transformation to achieve successful transfer learning. However,
these methodologies, in their processes, sometimes overfit on the target
dataset or suffer from negative transfer if the test dataset has a high
variance. Boosting methodologies have been shown to reduce the risk of
overfitting by iteratively re-weighing instances with high-residual. However,
this balance is usually achieved with parameter optimization, as well as
reducing the skewness in weights produced due to the size of the source
dataset. While the former can be achieved, the latter is more challenging and
can lead to negative transfer. We introduce a simpler and more robust fix to
this problem by building upon the popular boosting ITL regression methodology,
two-stage TrAdaBoost.R2. Our methodology,~\us{}, is a boosting and
random-forest based ensemble methodology that utilizes importance sampling to
reduce the skewness due to the source dataset. We show that~\us{}~performs
better than competitive transfer learning methodologies $63\%$ of the time. It
also displays consistency in its performance over diverse datasets with varying
complexities, as opposed to the sporadic results observed for other transfer
learning methodologies.

### Title: Causal Reasoning with Spatial-temporal Representation Learning: A Prospective Study
* Paper ID: 2204.12037v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12037v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12037v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Spatial-temporal representation learning is ubiquitous in various real-world
applications, including visual comprehension, video understanding, multi-modal
analysis, human-computer interaction, and urban computing. Due to the emergence
of huge amounts of multi-modal heterogeneous spatial/temporal/spatial-temporal
data in big data era, the existing visual methods rely heavily on large-scale
data annotations and supervised learning to learn a powerful big model.
However, the lack of interpretability, robustness, and out-of-distribution
generalization are becoming the bottleneck problems of these models, which
hinders the progress of interpretable and reliable artificial intelligence. The
majority of the existing methods are based on correlation learning with the
assumption that the data are independent and identically distributed, which
lack an unified guidance and analysis about why modern spatial-temporal
representation learning methods have limited interpretability and easily
collapse into dataset bias. Inspired by the strong inference ability of
human-level agents, recent years have therefore witnessed great effort in
developing causal reasoning paradigms to realize robust representation and
model learning with good interpretability. In this paper, we conduct a
comprehensive review of existing causal reasoning methods for spatial-temporal
representation learning, covering fundamental theories, models, and datasets.
The limitations of current methods and datasets are also discussed. Moreover,
we propose some primary challenges, opportunities, and future research
directions for benchmarking causal reasoning algorithms in spatial-temporal
representation learning.

### Title: Information Fusion: Scaling Subspace-Driven Approaches
* Paper ID: 2204.12035v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12035v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12035v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we seek to exploit the deep structure of multi-modal data to
robustly exploit the group subspace distribution of the information using the
Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) formalism. Upon unfolding the set of
subspaces constituting each data modality, and learning their corresponding
encoders, an optimized integration of the generated inherent information is
carried out to yield a characterization of various classes. Referred to as deep
Multimodal Robust Group Subspace Clustering (DRoGSuRe), this approach is
compared against the independently developed state-of-the-art approach named
Deep Multimodal Subspace Clustering (DMSC). Experiments on different multimodal
datasets show that our approach is competitive and more robust in the presence
of noise.

### Title: Pinning control of social fairness in the Ultimatum game
* Paper ID: 2204.12033v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12033v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12033v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Decent social fairness is highly desired for both socio-economic activities
and individuals, as it is one of the cornerstones of the social welfare and
sustainability. How to effectively promote the level of fairness thus becomes a
significant issue to be addressed. Here, by adopting a pinning control
procedure, we find that when a very small fraction of individuals ($\sim3\%$)
are pinned to be fair players in the Ultimatum Game, the whole population
unexpectedly evolves into the full fairness level. This leverage effect is
robust to the underlying structures of the population, the process is generally
in the form of first-order phase transition for homogeneous networks ($1d$
lattice and Erd\H{o}s-R\'enyi random networks) and the well-mixed population as
the number of pinning individuals increases. For heterogeneous networks (e.g.
scale-free networks), however, one hub node is sufficient for the aim, and even
the on-off control procedure can be applied to further reduce the control cost.
Intermittent failures are seen in the latter case, our statistical analysis
indicates the evolution shows some sort of criticality. Our work suggests that
the pinning control procedure could potentially be a good strategy to promote
the social fairness for some real scenarios when necessary.

### Title: Reprint: a randomized extrapolation based on principal components for data augmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.12024v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12024v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12024v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/bigdata-ccnu/reprint](https://github.com/bigdata-ccnu/reprint)
* Summary: Data scarcity and data imbalance have attracted a lot of attention in many
fields. Data augmentation, explored as an effective approach to tackle them,
can improve the robustness and efficiency of classification models by
generating new samples. This paper presents REPRINT, a simple and effective
hidden-space data augmentation method for imbalanced data classification. Given
hidden-space representations of samples in each class, REPRINT extrapolates, in
a randomized fashion, augmented examples for target class by using subspaces
spanned by principal components to summarize distribution structure of both
source and target class. Consequently, the examples generated would diversify
the target while maintaining the original geometry of target distribution.
Besides, this method involves a label refinement component which allows to
synthesize new soft labels for augmented examples. Compared with different NLP
data augmentation approaches under a range of data imbalanced scenarios on four
text classification benchmark, REPRINT shows prominent improvements. Moreover,
through comprehensive ablation studies, we show that label refinement is better
than label-preserving for augmented examples, and that our method suggests
stable and consistent improvements in terms of suitable choices of principal
components. Moreover, REPRINT is appealing for its easy-to-use since it
contains only one hyperparameter determining the dimension of subspace and
requires low computational resource.

### Title: gLaSDI: Parametric Physics-informed Greedy Latent Space Dynamics Identification
* Paper ID: 2204.12005v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12005v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12005v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A parametric adaptive physics-informed greedy Latent Space Dynamics
Identification (gLaSDI) method is proposed for accurate, efficient, and robust
data-driven reduced-order modeling of high-dimensional nonlinear dynamical
systems. In the proposed gLaSDI framework, an autoencoder discovers intrinsic
nonlinear latent representations of high-dimensional data, while dynamics
identification (DI) models capture local latent-space dynamics. An interactive
training algorithm is adopted for the autoencoder and local DI models, which
enables identification of simple latent-space dynamics and enhances accuracy
and efficiency of data-driven reduced-order modeling. To maximize and
accelerate the exploration of the parameter space for the optimal model
performance, an adaptive greedy sampling algorithm integrated with a
physics-informed residual-based error indicator and random-subset evaluation is
introduced to search for the optimal training samples on-the-fly. Further, to
exploit local latent-space dynamics captured by the local DI models for an
improved modeling accuracy with a minimum number of local DI models in the
parameter space, an efficient k-nearest neighbor convex interpolation scheme is
employed. The effectiveness of the proposed framework is demonstrated by
modeling various nonlinear dynamical problems, including Burgers equations,
nonlinear heat conduction, and radial advection. The proposed adaptive greedy
sampling outperforms the conventional predefined uniform sampling in terms of
accuracy. Compared with the high-fidelity models, gLaSDI achieves 66 to 4,417x
speed-up with 1 to 5% relative errors.

