### Title: The White-Box Adversarial Data Stream Model
* Paper ID: 2204.09136v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09136v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09136v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We study streaming algorithms in the white-box adversarial model, where the
stream is chosen adaptively by an adversary who observes the entire internal
state of the algorithm at each time step. We show that nontrivial algorithms
are still possible. We first give a randomized algorithm for the $L_1$-heavy
hitters problem that outperforms the optimal deterministic Misra-Gries
algorithm on long streams. If the white-box adversary is computationally
bounded, we use cryptographic techniques to reduce the memory of our
$L_1$-heavy hitters algorithm even further and to design a number of additional
algorithms for graph, string, and linear algebra problems. The existence of
such algorithms is surprising, as the streaming algorithm does not even have a
secret key in this model, i.e., its state is entirely known to the adversary.
One algorithm we design is for estimating the number of distinct elements in a
stream with insertions and deletions achieving a multiplicative approximation
and sublinear space; such an algorithm is impossible for deterministic
algorithms.
  We also give a general technique that translates any two-player deterministic
communication lower bound to a lower bound for {\it randomized} algorithms
robust to a white-box adversary. In particular, our results show that for all
$p\ge 0$, there exists a constant $C_p>1$ such that any $C_p$-approximation
algorithm for $F_p$ moment estimation in insertion-only streams with a
white-box adversary requires $\Omega(n)$ space for a universe of size $n$.
Similarly, there is a constant $C>1$ such that any $C$-approximation algorithm
in an insertion-only stream for matrix rank requires $\Omega(n)$ space with a
white-box adversary. Our algorithmic results based on cryptography thus show a
separation between computationally bounded and unbounded adversaries.
  (Abstract shortened to meet arXiv limits.)

### Title: Deep Learning nearby galaxy peculiar velocities
* Paper ID: 2204.09135v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09135v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09135v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We explore how information in images of nearby galaxies can be used to
estimate their distance. We train a convolutional Neural Network (NN) to do
this, using galaxy images from the Illustris simulation. We show that if the NN
is trained on data with random errors added to the true distance (representing
training using spectroscopic redshift instead of actual distance), then the NN
can predict distances in a test dataset with greater accuracy than it was given
in the training set. This is not unusual, as often NNs are trained on data with
added noise, in order to increase robustness. In this case, however, it offers
a route to estimating peculiar velocities of nearby galaxies. Given a galaxy
with a known spectroscopic redshift one can use the NN-predicted distance to
make an estimate of the peculiar velocity. Trying this using relatively low
resolution (1.4 arcsec per pixel) simulated galaxy images we find fractional
RMS distance errors of 7.7% for galaxies at a mean distance of 75 Mpc from the
observer, leading to RMS peculiar velocity errors of 440 km/s. In a companion
paper we apply the technique to 145,115 nearby galaxies from the NASA Sloan
Atlas.

### Title: From Spoken Thoughts to Automated Driving Commentary: Predicting and Explaining Intelligent Vehicles' Actions
* Paper ID: 2204.09109v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09109v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09109v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Commentary driving is a technique in which drivers verbalise their
observations, assessments and intentions. By speaking out their thoughts, both
learning and expert drivers are able to create a better understanding and
awareness of their surroundings. In the intelligent vehicle context, automated
driving commentary can provide intelligible explanations about driving actions,
and thereby assist a driver or an end-user during driving operations in
challenging and safety-critical scenarios. In this paper, we conducted a field
study in which we deployed a research vehicle in an urban environment to obtain
data. While collecting sensor data of the vehicle's surroundings, we obtained
driving commentary from a driving instructor using the think-aloud protocol. We
analysed the driving commentary and uncovered an explanation style; the driver
first announces his observations, announces his plans, and then makes general
remarks. He also made counterfactual comments. We successfully demonstrated how
factual and counterfactual natural language explanations that follow this style
could be automatically generated using a simple tree-based approach. Generated
explanations for longitudinal actions (e.g., stop and move) were deemed more
intelligible and plausible by human judges compared to lateral actions, such as
lane changes. We discussed how our approach can be built on in the future to
realise more robust and effective explainability for driver assistance as well
as partial and conditional automation of driving functions.

### Title: New reactor data improves robustness of neutrino mass ordering determination
* Paper ID: 2204.09060v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09060v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09060v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In neutrino oscillation physics numerous exact degeneracies exist under the
name LMA-Dark. These degeneracies make it impossible to determine the sign of
$\Delta m^2_{31}$ known as the atmospheric mass ordering with oscillation
experiments alone in the presence of new neutrino interactions. The combination
of different measurements including multiple oscillation channels and neutrino
scattering experiments lifts some aspects of these degeneracies. In fact,
previous measurements of coherent elastic neutrino nucleus scattering (CEvNS)
by COHERENT already ruled out the LMA-Dark solution for new physics with
mediators heavier than $M_{Z'}\sim50$ MeV while cosmological considerations
disfavor these scenarios for mediators lighters than $M_{Z'}\sim3$ MeV. Here we
leverage new data from the Dresden-II experiment which provides the strongest
bounds on CEvNS with reactor neutrinos to date. We show that this data
completely removes the degeneracies in the $\nu_e$ sector for mediators down to
the MeV scale at which point constraints from the early universe take over.
While the LMA-Dark degeneracy is lifted in the $\nu_e$ sector, it can still be
restored in the $\nu_\mu$ and $\nu_\tau$ sector or with very specific couplings
to up and down quarks, and we speculate on a path forward.

### Title: A warm super-Neptune around the G-dwarf star TOI-1710 revealed with TESS, SOPHIE and HARPS-N
* Paper ID: 2204.08984v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08984v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08984v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We report the discovery and characterization of the transiting extrasolar
planet TOI-1710$\:$b. It was first identified as a promising candidate by the
Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS). Its planetary nature was then
established with SOPHIE and HARPS-N spectroscopic observations via the RV
method. The stellar parameters for the host star are derived from the spectra
and a joint Markov chain Monte-Carlo (MCMC) adjustment of the spectral energy
distribution and evolutionary tracks of TOI-1710. A joint MCMC analysis of the
TESS light curve and the RV evolution allows us to determine the planetary
system properties. From our analysis, TOI-1710$\:$b is found to be a massive
warm super-Neptune ($M_{\rm p}=28.3\:\pm\:4.7\:{\rm M}_{\rm Earth}$ and $R_{\rm
p}=5.34\:\pm\:0.11\:{\rm R}_{\rm Earth}$) orbiting a G5V dwarf star ($T_{\rm
eff}=5665\pm~55\mathrm{K}$) on a nearly circular 24.3-day orbit
($e=0.16\:\pm\:0.08$). The orbital period of this planet is close to the
estimated rotation period of its host star $P_{\rm
rot}=22.5\pm2.0~\mathrm{days}$ and it has a low Keplerian semi-amplitude
$K=6.4\pm1.0~\mathrm{m\:s^{-1}}$; we thus performed additional analyses to show
the robustness of the retrieved planetary parameters. With a low bulk density
of $1.03\pm0.23~\mathrm{g\:cm^{-3}}$ and orbiting a bright host star ($J=8.3$,
$V=9.6$), TOI-1710$\:$b is one of the best targets in this mass-radius range
(near the Neptunian desert) for atmospheric characterization via transmission
spectroscopy, a key measurement in constraining planet formation and
evolutionary models of sub-Jovian planets.

### Title: Real-Time Face Recognition System
* Paper ID: 2204.08978v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08978v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08978v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Over the past few decades, interest in algorithms for face recognition has
been growing rapidly and has even surpassed human-level performance. Despite
their accomplishments, their practical integration with a real-time
performance-hungry system is not feasible due to high computational costs. So
in this paper, we explore the recent, fast, and accurate face recognition
system that can be easily integrated with real-time devices, and tested the
algorithms on robot hardware platforms to confirm their robustness and speed.

### Title: Two dimensional LiMgAs; a novel Topological Quantum Catalyst for Hydrogen Evolution Reaction
* Paper ID: 2204.08926v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08926v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08926v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Quantum materials such as Topological Insulators (TI) have been promising due
to diverse applications of their robust surface/edge states in the bulk (3D)
and two-dimensional (2D) regime. Such conducting surface states in 3D systems,
host "\textit{electron bath}" which are known to facilitate catalysis. However,
the analogous effects in 2D scenarios wherein, conducting helical edge states
giving rise to Fermionic accumulation has been scarcely addressed. Using
density functional theory based \textit{first-principles} calculations, we
demonstrate that, the conducting edge states in 2D TI such as LiMgAs can be
exploited to facilitate excellent catalytic response towards Hydrogen evolution
reactions. The Gibbs free energy in such cases was found to be as low as
$-$0.02 eV which is quite superior as compared to other materials reported in
literature. The concept presented herein can be extended to other well known 2D
TI and used to realise novel topological quantum catalysts for ultra-high
performance and efficient catalytic applications.

### Title: Highly Tunable and Strong Bound Exciton in MoSi2N4 via Strain Engineering
* Paper ID: 2204.08911v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08911v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08911v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Motivated by the recently synthesized layered material MoSi2N4, we
investigated excitonic response of quasiparticle of monolayer MoSi2N4 by using
G0W0 and Bethe-Salpeter equation (BSE) calculations. With a dually sandwiched
structure consisting of a central MoN2 layer analogue of 2H-MoS2 capped with
silicon-nitrogen (SiN) honeycomb outer layers, MoSi2N4 possesses frontier
orbitals confined at the central MoN2 layer with similar sub-valley at K-point
as 2H-MoS2. The valley splitting (~130 meV) due to the spin-orbital coupling
(SOC) gives rise to a doublet in the spectrum. Excitons in MoSi2N4 shows a
strong binding energy up to 0.95 eV with the optical bandgap of 2.44 eV. Both
electronic and optical gaps are highly sensitive to tensile strains and become
redshift albeit a marginal change of exciton binding energy. With the
protection of capped SiN layers, quantum confined excitons in MoSi2N4 without
the need of additional passivation layer like BN would provide a bright new
platform for robust emission with partially screened disturbance from
environment.

### Title: Photorealistic Monocular 3D Reconstruction of Humans Wearing Clothing
* Paper ID: 2204.08906v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08906v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08906v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present PHORHUM, a novel, end-to-end trainable, deep neural network
methodology for photorealistic 3D human reconstruction given just a monocular
RGB image. Our pixel-aligned method estimates detailed 3D geometry and, for the
first time, the unshaded surface color together with the scene illumination.
Observing that 3D supervision alone is not sufficient for high fidelity color
reconstruction, we introduce patch-based rendering losses that enable reliable
color reconstruction on visible parts of the human, and detailed and plausible
color estimation for the non-visible parts. Moreover, our method specifically
addresses methodological and practical limitations of prior work in terms of
representing geometry, albedo, and illumination effects, in an end-to-end model
where factors can be effectively disentangled. In extensive experiments, we
demonstrate the versatility and robustness of our approach. Our
state-of-the-art results validate the method qualitatively and for different
metrics, for both geometric and color reconstruction.

### Title: The Coming Decades of Quantum Simulation
* Paper ID: 2204.08905v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08905v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08905v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Contemporary quantum technologies face major difficulties in fault tolerant
quantum computing with error correction, and focus instead on various shades of
quantum simulation (Noisy Intermediate Scale Quantum, NISQ) devices, analogue
and digital quantum simulators and quantum annealers. There is a clear need and
quest for such systems that, without necessarily simulating quantum dynamics of
some physical systems, can generate massive, controllable, robust, entangled,
and superposition states. This will, in particular, allow the control of
decoherence, enabling the use of these states for quantum communications (e.g.
to achieve efficient transfer of information in a safer and quicker way),
quantum metrology, sensing and diagnostics (e.g. to precisely measure phase
shifts of light fields, or to diagnose quantum materials). In this Chapter we
present a vision of the golden future of quantum simulators in the decades to
come.

### Title: Efficient Monte Carlo Method for Integral Fractional Laplacian in Multiple Dimensions
* Paper ID: 2204.08860v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08860v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08860v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we develop a Monte Carlo method for solving PDEs involving an
integral fractional Laplacian (IFL) in multiple dimensions. We first construct
a new Feynman-Kac representation based on the Green function for the fractional
Laplacian operator on the unit ball in arbitrary dimensions. Inspired by the
"walk-on-spheres" algorithm proposed in [24], we extend our algorithm for
solving fractional PDEs in the complex domain. Then, we can compute the
expectation of a multi-dimensional random variable with a known density
function to obtain the numerical solution efficiently. The proposed algorithm
finds it remarkably efficient in solving fractional PDEs: it only needs to
evaluate the integrals of expectation form over a series of inside ball tangent
boundaries with the known Green function. Moreover, we carry out the error
estimates of the proposed method for the $n$-dimensional unit ball. Finally,
ample numerical results are presented to demonstrate the robustness and
effectiveness of this approach for fractional PDEs in unit disk and complex
domains, and even in ten-dimensional unit balls.

### Title: Robust electronic and tunable magnetic states in Sm$ _{2} $NiMnO$ _{6} $ ferromagnetic insulator
* Paper ID: 2204.08843v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08843v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08843v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Ferromagnetic insulators (FM-Is) are the materials of interest for new
generation quantum electronic applications. Here, we have investigated the
physical observables depicting FM-I ground states in epitaxial Sm$ _{2} $NiMnO$
_{6} $ (SNMO) double perovskite thin films fabricated under different
conditions to realize different level of Ni/Mn anti-site disorders (ASDs). The
presence of ASDs immensely influence the characteristic magnetic and anisotropy
behaviors in SNMO system by introducing short scale antiferromagnetic
interactions in predominant long range FM ordered host matrix. Charge
disproportion between cation sites in form of $ Ni^{2+}+Mn^{4+} \longrightarrow
Ni^{3+}+Mn^{3+} $, causes mixed valency in both Ni and Mn species, which is
found insensitive to ASD concentrations. Temperature dependent photo emission,
photo absorption measurements duly combined with cluster model configuration
interaction simulations, suggest that the eigenstates of Ni and Mn cations can
be satisfactorily described as a linear combination of the unscreened $ d^{n} $
and screened $ d^{n+1} \underline{L} $ ($ \underline{L} $: O 2\textit{p} hole)
states. The electronic structure across the Fermi level (E$ _{F} $) exhibits
closely spaced Ni $ 3d $, Mn $ 3d $ and O $ 2p $ states. From occupied and
unoccupied bands, estimated values of the Coulomb repulsion energy ($ U $) and
ligand to metal charge transfer energy ($ \Delta $), indicate charge transfer
insulating nature, where remarkable modification in Ni/Mn $ 3d $ - O $ 2p $
hybridization takes place across the FM transition temperature. Existence of
ASD broadens the Ni, Mn $ 3d $ spectral features, whereas spectral positions
are found to be unaltered. Hereby, present work demonstrates SNMO thin film as
a FM-I system, where FM state can be tuned by manipulating ASD in the crystal
structure, while I state remains intact.

### Title: A Convolutional-Attentional Neural Framework for Structure-Aware Performance-Score Synchronization
* Paper ID: 2204.08822v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08822v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08822v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Performance-score synchronization is an integral task in signal processing,
which entails generating an accurate mapping between an audio recording of a
performance and the corresponding musical score. Traditional synchronization
methods compute alignment using knowledge-driven and stochastic approaches, and
are typically unable to generalize well to different domains and modalities. We
present a novel data-driven method for structure-aware performance-score
synchronization. We propose a convolutional-attentional architecture trained
with a custom loss based on time-series divergence. We conduct experiments for
the audio-to-MIDI and audio-to-image alignment tasks pertained to different
score modalities. We validate the effectiveness of our method via ablation
studies and comparisons with state-of-the-art alignment approaches. We
demonstrate that our approach outperforms previous synchronization methods for
a variety of test settings across score modalities and acoustic conditions. Our
method is also robust to structural differences between the performance and
score sequences, which is a common limitation of standard alignment approaches.

### Title: An Efficient Domain-Incremental Learning Approach to Drive in All Weather Conditions
* Paper ID: 2204.08817v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08817v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08817v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Although deep neural networks enable impressive visual perception performance
for autonomous driving, their robustness to varying weather conditions still
requires attention. When adapting these models for changed environments, such
as different weather conditions, they are prone to forgetting previously
learned information. This catastrophic forgetting is typically addressed via
incremental learning approaches which usually re-train the model by either
keeping a memory bank of training samples or keeping a copy of the entire model
or model parameters for each scenario. While these approaches show impressive
results, they can be prone to scalability issues and their applicability for
autonomous driving in all weather conditions has not been shown. In this paper
we propose DISC -- Domain Incremental through Statistical Correction -- a
simple online zero-forgetting approach which can incrementally learn new tasks
(i.e weather conditions) without requiring re-training or expensive memory
banks. The only information we store for each task are the statistical
parameters as we categorize each domain by the change in first and second order
statistics. Thus, as each task arrives, we simply 'plug and play' the
statistical vectors for the corresponding task into the model and it
immediately starts to perform well on that task. We show the efficacy of our
approach by testing it for object detection in a challenging domain-incremental
autonomous driving scenario where we encounter different adverse weather
conditions, such as heavy rain, fog, and snow.

### Title: The Interplay between Quantum Contextuality and Wigner Negativity
* Paper ID: 2204.08782v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08782v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08782v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The use of quantum information in technology promises to supersede the
so-called classical devices used nowadays. Understanding what features are
inherently non-classical is crucial for reaching better-than-classical
performance. This thesis focuses on two nonclassical behaviours: quantum
contextuality and Wigner negativity. The former is a notion superseding
nonlocality that can be exhibited by quantum systems. To date, it has mostly
been studied in discrete-variable scenarios. In those scenarios, contextuality
has been shown to be necessary and sufficient for advantages in some cases. On
the other hand, negativity of the Wigner function is another unsettling
non-classical feature of quantum states that originates from phase-space
formulation in continuous-variable quantum optics. Continuous-variable
scenarios offer promising candidates for implementing quantum computations.
Wigner negativity is known to be a necessary resource for quantum speedup with
continuous variables. However contextuality has been little understood and
studied in continuous-variable scenarios.
  We first set out a robust framework for properly treating contextuality in
continuous variables. We also quantify contextuality in such scenarios by using
tools from infinite-dimensional optimisation theory. Building upon this, we
show that Wigner negativity is equivalent to contextuality in continuous
variables with respect to Pauli measurements thus establishing a
continuous-variable analogue of a celebrated result by Howard et al. We then
introduce experimentally-friendly witnesses for Wigner negativity of single
mode and multimode quantum states, based on fidelities with Fock states, using
again tools from infinite-dimensional optimisation theory. We further extend
the range of previously known discrete-variable results linking contextuality
and advantage into a new territory of information retrieval.

### Title: Incorporating Semi-Supervised and Positive-Unlabeled Learning for Boosting Full Reference Image Quality Assessment
* Paper ID: 2204.08763v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08763v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08763v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Full-reference (FR) image quality assessment (IQA) evaluates the visual
quality of a distorted image by measuring its perceptual difference with
pristine-quality reference, and has been widely used in low-level vision tasks.
Pairwise labeled data with mean opinion score (MOS) are required in training
FR-IQA model, but is time-consuming and cumbersome to collect. In contrast,
unlabeled data can be easily collected from an image degradation or restoration
process, making it encouraging to exploit unlabeled training data to boost
FR-IQA performance. Moreover, due to the distribution inconsistency between
labeled and unlabeled data, outliers may occur in unlabeled data, further
increasing the training difficulty. In this paper, we suggest to incorporate
semi-supervised and positive-unlabeled (PU) learning for exploiting unlabeled
data while mitigating the adverse effect of outliers. Particularly, by treating
all labeled data as positive samples, PU learning is leveraged to identify
negative samples (i.e., outliers) from unlabeled data. Semi-supervised learning
(SSL) is further deployed to exploit positive unlabeled data by dynamically
generating pseudo-MOS. We adopt a dual-branch network including reference and
distortion branches. Furthermore, spatial attention is introduced in the
reference branch to concentrate more on the informative regions, and sliced
Wasserstein distance is used for robust difference map computation to address
the misalignment issues caused by images recovered by GAN models. Extensive
experiments show that our method performs favorably against state-of-the-arts
on the benchmark datasets PIPAL, KADID-10k, TID2013, LIVE and CSIQ.

### Title: Flat bubble regime and laminar plasma flow in a plasma wake field accelerator
* Paper ID: 2204.08756v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08756v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08756v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A simple 2D model of the bubble formation in a plasma wakefield accelerator
is developed and investigated. It is shown that in the case of a flat driver
the bubble may consist of two parts that correspond to two different types of
the plasma flow: a laminar flow where plasma electron streams do not cross and
a two-stream (turbulent) flow. The laminar flow turns out to be robust to the
symmetry breaking. Building-of of the developed model we demonstrate that in
the case of the laminar flow and non-relativistic plasma electrons the
transverse wake field is absent inside the bubble even in the case of a
transversely nonuniform plasma.

### Title: Probabilistic guarantees on the objective value for the scenario approach via sensitivity analysis
* Paper ID: 2204.08733v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08733v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08733v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper is concerned with objective value performance of the scenario
approach for robust convex optimization. A novel method is proposed to derive
probabilistic bounds for the objective value from scenario programs with a
finite number of samples. This method relies on a max-min reformulation and the
concept of complexity of robust optimization problems. With additional
continuity and regularity conditions, via sensitivity analysis, we also provide
explicit bounds which outperform an existing result in the literature. To
illustrate the improvements of our results, we also provide a numerical
example.

### Title: Jacobian Ensembles Improve Robustness Trade-offs to Adversarial Attacks
* Paper ID: 2204.08726v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08726v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08726v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deep neural networks have become an integral part of our software
infrastructure and are being deployed in many widely-used and safety-critical
applications. However, their integration into many systems also brings with it
the vulnerability to test time attacks in the form of Universal Adversarial
Perturbations (UAPs). UAPs are a class of perturbations that when applied to
any input causes model misclassification. Although there is an ongoing effort
to defend models against these adversarial attacks, it is often difficult to
reconcile the trade-offs in model accuracy and robustness to adversarial
attacks. Jacobian regularization has been shown to improve the robustness of
models against UAPs, whilst model ensembles have been widely adopted to improve
both predictive performance and model robustness. In this work, we propose a
novel approach, Jacobian Ensembles-a combination of Jacobian regularization and
model ensembles to significantly increase the robustness against UAPs whilst
maintaining or improving model accuracy. Our results show that Jacobian
Ensembles achieves previously unseen levels of accuracy and robustness, greatly
improving over previous methods that tend to skew towards only either accuracy
or robustness.

### Title: Adaptive Conductance Control
* Paper ID: 2204.08711v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08711v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08711v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Neuromodulation is central to the adaptation and robustness of animal nervous
systems. This paper explores the classical paradigm of indirect adaptive
control to design neuromodulatory controllers in conductance-based neuronal
models. The adaptive control of maximal conductance parameters is shown to
provide a methodology aligned with the central concepts of neuromodulation in
physiology and of impedance control in robotics.

### Title: Software Engineering Approaches for TinyML based IoT Embedded Vision: A Systematic Literature Review
* Paper ID: 2204.08702v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08702v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08702v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Internet of Things (IoT) has catapulted human ability to control our
environments through ubiquitous sensing, communication, computation, and
actuation. Over the past few years, IoT has joined forces with Machine Learning
(ML) to embed deep intelligence at the far edge. TinyML (Tiny Machine Learning)
has enabled the deployment of ML models for embedded vision on extremely lean
edge hardware, bringing the power of IoT and ML together. However, TinyML
powered embedded vision applications are still in a nascent stage, and they are
just starting to scale to widespread real-world IoT deployment. To harness the
true potential of IoT and ML, it is necessary to provide product developers
with robust, easy-to-use software engineering (SE) frameworks and best
practices that are customized for the unique challenges faced in TinyML
engineering. Through this systematic literature review, we aggregated the key
challenges reported by TinyML developers and identified state-of-art SE
approaches in large-scale Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Embedded
Systems that can help address key challenges in TinyML based IoT embedded
vision. In summary, our study draws synergies between SE expertise that
embedded systems developers and ML developers have independently developed to
help address the unique challenges in the engineering of TinyML based IoT
embedded vision.

### Title: Generating Authentic Adversarial Examples beyond Meaning-preserving with Doubly Round-trip Translation
* Paper ID: 2204.08689v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08689v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08689v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Generating adversarial examples for Neural Machine Translation (NMT) with
single Round-Trip Translation (RTT) has achieved promising results by releasing
the meaning-preserving restriction. However, a potential pitfall for this
approach is that we cannot decide whether the generated examples are
adversarial to the target NMT model or the auxiliary backward one, as the
reconstruction error through the RTT can be related to either. To remedy this
problem, we propose a new criterion for NMT adversarial examples based on the
Doubly Round-Trip Translation (DRTT). Specifically, apart from the
source-target-source RTT, we also consider the target-source-target one, which
is utilized to pick out the authentic adversarial examples for the target NMT
model. Additionally, to enhance the robustness of the NMT model, we introduce
the masked language models to construct bilingual adversarial pairs based on
DRTT, which are used to train the NMT model directly. Extensive experiments on
both the clean and noisy test sets (including the artificial and natural noise)
show that our approach substantially improves the robustness of NMT models.

### Title: A generalized echo squeezing protocol with near-Heisenberg limit sensitivity and strong robustness against excess noise and variation in squeezing parameter
* Paper ID: 2204.08681v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08681v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08681v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a generalized echo squeezing protocol (GESP) as a generalization
of the Schr\"odinger cat state protocol (SCSP) with the value of the squeezing
parameter being an arbitrary number rather than pi/2. We show analytically that
over a broad range of the squeezing parameter the sensitivity reaches the
Heisenberg limit within a factor of root-2. For a large number of particles, N,
this plateau interval is almost the whole range from zero to pi/2, and the
sensitivity is independent of the parity of N. Therefore, it is possible to
operate a sensor over wide interval of the squeezing parameter without changing
the sensitivity. This is to be contrasted with the conventional echo squeezing
protocol (CESP) which only works for a very small interval of the squeezing
parameter. We also show that, in contrast to the CESP, the sensitivity of the
GESP is close to the quantum Cram\'er-Rao bound over the whole range of the
squeezing parameter, indicating that the phase shift information is
near-optimally extracted. We find that the enhancement in sensitivity in the
case of the GESP is due to a combination of two parameters: the phase
magnification (PMF) and the noise amplification factor (NAF). As the value of
the squeezing parameter increases, both PMF and NAF increase, while keeping the
ratio of PMF/NAF essentially constant, yielding a net enhancement of
sensitivity that at the Heisenberg limit within a factor of root-2 over the
whole plateau interval. An important consequence of this behavior is that the
robustness of the GESP against excess noise easily exceeds that of the CESP for
a broad range of values of the squeezing parameter. As such, in the context of
an experimental study, it should be possible to achieve a net enhancement in
sensitivity higher than that for the CESP, under typical conditions where the
excess noise exceeds the unsqueezed quantum projection noise.

### Title: Asymptotic Independence of the Quadratic form and Maximum of Independent Random Variables with Applications to High-Dimensional Tests
* Paper ID: 2204.08628v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08628v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08628v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper establishes the asymptotic independence between the quadratic form
and maximum of a sequence of independent random variables. Based on this
theoretical result, we find the asymptotic joint distribution for the quadratic
form and maximum, which can be applied into the high-dimensional testing
problems. By combining the sum-type test and the max-type test, we propose the
Fisher's combination tests for the one-sample mean test and two-sample mean
test. Under this novel general framework, several strong assumptions in
existing literature have been relaxed. Monte Carlo simulation has been done
which shows that our proposed tests are strongly robust to both sparse and
dense data.

### Title: Poisons that are learned faster are more effective
* Paper ID: 2204.08615v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08615v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Imperceptible poisoning attacks on entire datasets have recently been touted
as methods for protecting data privacy. However, among a number of defenses
preventing the practical use of these techniques, early-stopping stands out as
a simple, yet effective defense. To gauge poisons' vulnerability to
early-stopping, we benchmark error-minimizing, error-maximizing, and synthetic
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy over 100 epochs and make a number of
surprising observations. First, we find that poisons that reach a low training
loss faster have lower peak test accuracy. Second, we find that a current
state-of-the-art error-maximizing poison is 7 times less effective when poison
training is stopped at epoch 8. Third, we find that stronger, more transferable
adversarial attacks do not make stronger poisons. We advocate for evaluating
poisons in terms of peak test accuracy.

### Title: Self-Supervised Equivariant Learning for Oriented Keypoint Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.08613v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08613v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08613v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Detecting robust keypoints from an image is an integral part of many computer
vision problems, and the characteristic orientation and scale of keypoints play
an important role for keypoint description and matching. Existing
learning-based methods for keypoint detection rely on standard
translation-equivariant CNNs but often fail to detect reliable keypoints
against geometric variations. To learn to detect robust oriented keypoints, we
introduce a self-supervised learning framework using rotation-equivariant CNNs.
We propose a dense orientation alignment loss by an image pair generated by
synthetic transformations for training a histogram-based orientation map. Our
method outperforms the previous methods on an image matching benchmark and a
camera pose estimation benchmark.

### Title: Metamorphic Testing-based Adversarial Attack to Fool Deepfake Detectors
* Paper ID: 2204.08612v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08612v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08612v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deepfakes utilise Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques to create synthetic
media where the likeness of one person is replaced with another. There are
growing concerns that deepfakes can be maliciously used to create misleading
and harmful digital contents. As deepfakes become more common, there is a dire
need for deepfake detection technology to help spot deepfake media. Present
deepfake detection models are able to achieve outstanding accuracy (>90%).
However, most of them are limited to within-dataset scenario, where the same
dataset is used for training and testing. Most models do not generalise well
enough in cross-dataset scenario, where models are tested on unseen datasets
from another source. Furthermore, state-of-the-art deepfake detection models
rely on neural network-based classification models that are known to be
vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Motivated by the need for a robust deepfake
detection model, this study adapts metamorphic testing (MT) principles to help
identify potential factors that could influence the robustness of the examined
model, while overcoming the test oracle problem in this domain. Metamorphic
testing is specifically chosen as the testing technique as it fits our demand
to address learning-based system testing with probabilistic outcomes from
largely black-box components, based on potentially large input domains. We
performed our evaluations on MesoInception-4 and TwoStreamNet models, which are
the state-of-the-art deepfake detection models. This study identified makeup
application as an adversarial attack that could fool deepfake detectors. Our
experimental results demonstrate that both the MesoInception-4 and TwoStreamNet
models degrade in their performance by up to 30\% when the input data is
perturbed with makeup.

### Title: MHSCNet: A Multimodal Hierarchical Shot-aware Convolutional Network for Video Summarization
* Paper ID: 2204.08352v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08352v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08352v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Video summarization intends to produce a concise video summary by effectively
capturing and combining the most informative parts of the whole content.
Existing approaches for video summarization regard the task as a frame-wise
keyframe selection problem and generally construct the frame-wise
representation by combining the long-range temporal dependency with the
unimodal or bimodal information. However, the optimal video summaries need to
reflect the most valuable keyframe with its own information, and one with
semantic power of the whole content. Thus, it is critical to construct a more
powerful and robust frame-wise representation and predict the frame-level
importance score in a fair and comprehensive manner. To tackle the above
issues, we propose a multimodal hierarchical shot-aware convolutional network,
denoted as MHSCNet, to enhance the frame-wise representation via combining the
comprehensive available multimodal information. Specifically, we design a
hierarchical ShotConv network to incorporate the adaptive shot-aware
frame-level representation by considering the short-range and long-range
temporal dependency. Based on the learned shot-aware representations, MHSCNet
can predict the frame-level importance score in the local and global view of
the video. Extensive experiments on two standard video summarization datasets
demonstrate that our proposed method consistently outperforms state-of-the-art
baselines. Source code will be made publicly available.

### Title: Detect Rumors in Microblog Posts for Low-Resource Domains via Adversarial Contrastive Learning
* Paper ID: 2204.08143v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08143v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08143v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-19
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Massive false rumors emerging along with breaking news or trending topics
severely hinder the truth. Existing rumor detection approaches achieve
promising performance on the yesterday's news, since there is enough corpus
collected from the same domain for model training. However, they are poor at
detecting rumors about unforeseen events especially those propagated in
different languages due to the lack of training data and prior knowledge (i.e.,
low-resource regimes). In this paper, we propose an adversarial contrastive
learning framework to detect rumors by adapting the features learned from
well-resourced rumor data to that of the low-resourced. Our model explicitly
overcomes the restriction of domain and/or language usage via language
alignment and a novel supervised contrastive training paradigm. Moreover, we
develop an adversarial augmentation mechanism to further enhance the robustness
of low-resource rumor representation. Extensive experiments conducted on two
low-resource datasets collected from real-world microblog platforms demonstrate
that our framework achieves much better performance than state-of-the-art
methods and exhibits a superior capacity for detecting rumors at early stages.

