### Title: U-NO: U-shaped Neural Operators
* Paper ID: 2204.11127v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11127v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11127v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Neural operators generalize classical neural networks to maps between
infinite-dimensional spaces, e.g. function spaces. Prior works on neural
operators proposed a series of novel architectures to learn such maps and
demonstrated unprecedented success in solving partial differential equations
(PDEs). In this paper, we propose U-shaped Neural Operators U-NO, an
architecture that allows for deeper neural operators compared to prior works.
U-NOs exploit the problems structures in function predictions, demonstrate fast
training, data efficiency, and robustness w.r.t hyperparameters choices. We
study the performance of U-NO on PDE benchmarks, namely, Darcy's flow law and
the Navier-Stokes equations. We show that U-NO results in average of 14% and
38% prediction improvement on the Darcy's flow and Navier-Stokes equations,
respectively, over the state of art.

### Title: Learning Shape Priors by Pairwise Comparison for Robust Semantic Segmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.11090v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11090v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11090v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Semantic segmentation is important in medical image analysis. Inspired by the
strong ability of traditional image analysis techniques in capturing shape
priors and inter-subject similarity, many deep learning (DL) models have been
recently proposed to exploit such prior information and achieved robust
performance. However, these two types of important prior information are
usually studied separately in existing models. In this paper, we propose a
novel DL model to model both type of priors within a single framework.
Specifically, we introduce an extra encoder into the classic encoder-decoder
structure to form a Siamese structure for the encoders, where one of them takes
a target image as input (the image-encoder), and the other concatenates a
template image and its foreground regions as input (the template-encoder). The
template-encoder encodes the shape priors and appearance characteristics of
each foreground class in the template image. A cosine similarity based
attention module is proposed to fuse the information from both encoders, to
utilize both types of prior information encoded by the template-encoder and
model the inter-subject similarity for each foreground class. Extensive
experiments on two public datasets demonstrate that our proposed method can
produce superior performance to competing methods.

### Title: Negative reflection and negative refraction in biaxial van der Waals materials
* Paper ID: 2204.11085v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11085v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11085v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Negative reflection and negative refraction are exotic phenomena that can be
achieved by platforms such as double-negative metamaterial, hyperbolic
metamaterial, and phase-discontinuity metasurface. Recently, natural biaxial
van der Waals (vdW) materials, which support extremely anisotropic, low-loss,
and highly confined polaritons from infrared to visible regime, are emerging as
promising candidates for planar reflective and refractive optics. Here, we
introduce three degrees of freedom, namely interface, crystal direction, and
electric tunability to manipulate the reflection and refraction of the
polaritons. With broken in-plane symmetry contributed by the interface and
crystal direction, distinguished reflection and refraction such as negative and
backward reflection, positive and negative refraction could exist
simultaneously and exhibit high tunability. The numerical simulations show good
consistency with the theoretical analysis. Our findings provide a robust recipe
for the realization of negative reflection and refraction in biaxial vdW
materials, paving the way for the polaritonics and interface nano-optics.

### Title: CORE: Simple and Effective Session-based Recommendation within Consistent Representation Space
* Paper ID: 2204.11067v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11067v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11067v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: [https://github.com/RUCAIBox/CORE](https://github.com/RUCAIBox/CORE)
* Summary: Session-based Recommendation (SBR) refers to the task of predicting the next
item based on short-term user behaviors within an anonymous session. However,
session embedding learned by a non-linear encoder is usually not in the same
representation space as item embeddings, resulting in the inconsistent
prediction issue while recommending items. To address this issue, we propose a
simple and effective framework named CORE, which can unify the representation
space for both the encoding and decoding processes. Firstly, we design a
representation-consistent encoder that takes the linear combination of input
item embeddings as session embedding, guaranteeing that sessions and items are
in the same representation space. Besides, we propose a robust distance
measuring method to prevent overfitting of embeddings in the consistent
representation space. Extensive experiments conducted on five public real-world
datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method.
The code is available at: https://github.com/RUCAIBox/CORE.

### Title: Selective clustering ensemble based on kappa and F-score
* Paper ID: 2204.11062v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11062v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11062v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Clustering ensemble has an impressive performance in improving the accuracy
and robustness of partition results and has received much attention in recent
years. Selective clustering ensemble (SCE) can further improve the ensemble
performance by selecting base partitions or clusters in according to diversity
and stability. However, there is a conflict between diversity and stability,
and how to make the trade-off between the two is challenging. The key here is
how to evaluate the quality of the base partitions and clusters. In this paper,
we propose a new evaluation method for partitions and clusters using kappa and
F-score, leading to a new SCE method, which uses kappa to select informative
base partitions and uses F-score to weight clusters based on stability. The
effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method is empirically validated
over real datasets.

### Title: Dimension Reduction for time series with Variational AutoEncoders
* Paper ID: 2204.11060v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11060v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11060v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we explore dimensionality reduction techniques for univariate
and multivariate time series data. We especially conduct a comparison between
wavelet decomposition and convolutional variational autoencoders for dimension
reduction. We show that variational autoencoders are a good option for reducing
the dimension of high dimensional data like ECG. We make these comparisons on a
real world, publicly available, ECG dataset that has lots of variability and
use the reconstruction error as the metric. We then explore the robustness of
these models with noisy data whether for training or inference. These tests are
intended to reflect the problems that exist in real-world time series data and
the VAE was robust to both tests.

### Title: Long-Range ICN for the IoT: Exploring a LoRa System Design
* Paper ID: 2204.11040v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11040v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11040v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper presents LoRa-ICN, a comprehensive IoT networking system based on
a common long-range communication layer (LoRa) combined with
Information-Centric Networking (ICN) principles. We have replaced the LoRaWAN
MAC layer with an IEEE 802.15.4 Deterministic and Synchronous Multi-Channel
Extension (DSME). This multifaceted MAC layer allows for different mappings of
ICN message semantics, which we explore to enable new LoRa cenarios.
  We designed LoRa-ICN from the ground-up to improve reliability and to reduce
dependency on centralized components in LoRa IoT scenarios. We have implemented
a feature-complete prototype in a common network simulator to validate our
approach. Our results show design trade-offs of different mapping alternatives
in terms of robustness and efficiency.

### Title: Triggering a global density wave instability in graphene via local symmetry-breaking
* Paper ID: 2204.10999v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10999v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10999v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Two-dimensional quantum materials offer a robust platform for investigating
the emergence of symmetry-broken ordered phases owing to the high tuneability
of their electronic properties. For instance, the ability to create new
electronic band structures in graphene through moir\'e superlattices from
stacked and twisted structures has led to the discovery of several correlated
and topological phases. Here we report an alternative method to induce an
incipient symmetry-broken phase in graphene at the millimetre scale. We show
that an extremely dilute concentration ($<\!0.3\% $) of surface adatoms can
self-assemble and trigger the collapse of the graphene atomic lattice into a
distinct Kekul\'e bond density wave phase, whereby the carbon C-C bond symmetry
is broken globally. Using complementary momentum-resolved techniques such as
angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy (ARPES) and low-energy electron
diffraction (LEED), we directly probe the presence of this density wave phase
and confirm the opening of an energy gap at the Dirac point. We further show
that this Kekul\'e density wave phase occurs for various Fermi surface sizes
and shapes, suggesting that this lattice instability is driven by strong
electron-lattice interactions. Our results demonstrate that dilute
concentrations of self-assembled adsorbed atoms offer an attractive alternative
route towards designing novel quantum phases in two-dimensional materials.

### Title: Koopman-based Policy Iteration for Robust Optimal Control
* Paper ID: 2204.10987v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10987v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10987v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Classically, the optimal control problem in the presence of an adversary is
formulated as a two-player zero-sum differential game or an $H_\infty$ control
problem. The solution to these problems can be obtained by solving the
Hamilton-Jacobi-Issac equation (HJIE). We provide a novel Koopman-based
expression of the HJIE, where the solutions can be obtained through the
approximation of the Koopman operator itself. In particular, we developed a
data-driven and model based policy iteration algorithm for approximating the
optimal value function using a finite-dimensional approximation of the Koopman
operator and generator.

### Title: Discovering Intrinsic Reward with Contrastive Random Walk
* Paper ID: 2204.10976v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10976v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10976v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the efficacy of using Contrastive
Random Walk as a curiosity method to achieve faster convergence to the optimal
policy.Contrastive Random Walk defines the transition matrix of a random walk
with the help of neural networks. It learns a meaningful state representation
with a closed loop. The loss of Contrastive Random Walk serves as an intrinsic
reward and is added to the environment reward. Our method works well in
non-tabular sparse reward scenarios, in the sense that our method receives the
highest reward within the same iterations compared to other methods. Meanwhile,
Contrastive Random Walk is more robust. The performance doesn't change much
with different random initialization of environments. We also find that
adaptive restart and appropriate temperature are crucial to the performance of
Contrastive Random Walk.

### Title: When Doubly Robust Methods Meet Machine Learning for Estimating Treatment Effects from Real-World Data: A Comparative Study
* Paper ID: 2204.10969v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10969v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10969v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Observational cohort studies are increasingly being used for comparative
effectiveness research and to assess the safety of therapeutics. Recently,
various doubly robust methods have been proposed for average treatment effect
estimation by combining the treatment model and the outcome model via different
vehicles, such as matching, weighting, and regression. The key advantage of the
doubly robust estimators is that they require either the treatment model or the
outcome model to be correctly specified to obtain a consistent estimator of the
average treatment effect, and therefore lead to a more accurate and often more
precise inference. However, little work has been done to understand how doubly
robust estimators differ due to their unique strategies of using the treatment
and outcome models and how machine learning techniques can be combined with
these estimators to boost their performance. Also, little has been understood
about the challenges of covariates selection, overlapping of the covariate
distribution, and treatment effect heterogeneity on the performance of these
doubly robust estimators. Here we examine multiple popular doubly robust
methods in the categories of matching, weighting, or regression, and compare
their performance using different treatment and outcome modeling via extensive
simulations and a real-world application. We found that incorporating machine
learning with doubly robust estimators such as the targeted maximum likelihood
estimator outperforms. Practical guidance on how to apply doubly robust
estimators is provided.

### Title: Observation of Dirac hierarchy in three-dimensional acoustic topological insulators
* Paper ID: 2204.10966v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10966v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10966v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Dirac cones (DCs) play a pivotal role in various unique phenomena ranging
from massless electrons in graphene to robust surface states in topological
insulators (TIs). Recent studies have theoretically revealed a full Dirac
hierarchy comprising an eightfold bulk DC, a fourfold surface DC, and a twofold
hinge DC, associated with a hierarchy of topological phases including
first-order to third-order three-dimensional (3D) topological insulators, using
the same 3D base lattice. Here, we report the first experimental observation of
the Dirac hierarchy in 3D acoustic TIs. Using acoustic measurements, we
unambiguously reveal that lifting of multifold DCs in each hierarchy can induce
two-dimensional (2D) topological surface states with a fourfold DC in a
first-order 3D TI, one-dimensional (1D) topological hinge states with a twofold
DC in a second-order 3D TI, and zero-dimensional (0D) topological corner states
in a third-order 3D TI. Our work not only expands the fundamental research
scope of Dirac physics, but also opens up a new route for multidimensional
robust wave manipulation.

### Title: Statistical inference of travelers' route choice preferences with system-level data
* Paper ID: 2204.10964v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10964v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10964v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Traditional network models encapsulate travel behavior among all
origin-destination pairs based on a simplified and generic utility function.
Typically, the utility function consists of travel time solely and its
coefficients are equated to estimates obtained from stated preference data.
While this modeling strategy is reasonable, the inherent sampling bias in
individual-level data may be further amplified over network flow aggregation,
leading to inaccurate flow estimates. This data must be collected from surveys
or travel diaries, which may be labor intensive, costly and limited to a small
time period. To address these limitations, this study extends classical
bi-level formulations to estimate travelers' utility functions with multiple
attributes using system-level data. We formulate a methodology grounded on
non-linear least squares to statistically infer travelers' utility function in
the network context using traffic counts, traffic speeds, traffic incidents and
sociodemographic information, among other attributes. The analysis of the
mathematical properties of the optimization problem and of its pseudo-convexity
motivate the use of normalized gradient descent. We also develop a hypothesis
test framework to examine statistical properties of the utility function
coefficients and to perform attributes selection. Experiments on synthetic data
show that the coefficients are consistently recovered and that hypothesis tests
are a reliable statistic to identify which attributes are determinants of
travelers' route choices. Besides, a series of Monte-Carlo experiments suggest
that statistical inference is robust to noise in the Origin-Destination matrix
and in the traffic counts, and to various levels of sensor coverage. The
methodology is also deployed at a large scale using real-world multi-source
data in Fresno, CA collected before and during the COVID-19 outbreak.

### Title: Visual Attention Emerges from Recurrent Sparse Reconstruction
* Paper ID: 2204.10962v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10962v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10962v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: [https://github.com/bfshi/vars](https://github.com/bfshi/vars)
* Summary: Visual attention helps achieve robust perception under noise, corruption, and
distribution shifts in human vision, which are areas where modern neural
networks still fall short. We present VARS, Visual Attention from Recurrent
Sparse reconstruction, a new attention formulation built on two prominent
features of the human visual attention mechanism: recurrency and sparsity.
Related features are grouped together via recurrent connections between
neurons, with salient objects emerging via sparse regularization. VARS adopts
an attractor network with recurrent connections that converges toward a stable
pattern over time. Network layers are represented as ordinary differential
equations (ODEs), formulating attention as a recurrent attractor network that
equivalently optimizes the sparse reconstruction of input using a dictionary of
"templates" encoding underlying patterns of data. We show that self-attention
is a special case of VARS with a single-step optimization and no sparsity
constraint. VARS can be readily used as a replacement for self-attention in
popular vision transformers, consistently improving their robustness across
various benchmarks. Code is released on GitHub (https://github.com/bfshi/VARS).

