### Title: Graph Neural Network based Agent in Google Research Football
* Paper ID: 2204.11142v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11142v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11142v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Deep neural networks (DNN) can approximate value functions or policies for
reinforcement learning, which makes the reinforcement learning algorithms more
powerful. However, some DNNs, such as convolutional neural networks (CNN),
cannot extract enough information or take too long to obtain enough features
from the inputs under specific circumstances of reinforcement learning. For
example, the input data of Google Research Football, a reinforcement learning
environment which trains agents to play football, is the small map of players'
locations. The information is contained not only in the coordinates of players,
but also in the relationships between different players. CNNs can neither
extract enough information nor take too long to train. To address this issue,
this paper proposes a deep q-learning network (DQN) with a graph neural network
(GNN) as its model. The GNN transforms the input data into a graph which better
represents the football players' locations so that it extracts more information
of the interactions between different players. With two GNNs to approximate its
local and target value functions, this DQN allows players to learn from their
experience by using value functions to see the prospective value of each
intended action. The proposed model demonstrated the power of GNN in the
football game by outperforming other DRL models with significantly fewer steps.

### Title: Musical Stylistic Analysis: A Study of Intervallic Transition Graphs via Persistent Homology
* Paper ID: 2204.11139v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11139v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11139v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Topological data analysis has been recently applied to investigate stylistic
signatures and trends in musical compositions. A useful tool in this area is
Persistent Homology. In this paper, we develop a novel method to represent a
weighted directed graph as a finite metric space and then use persistent
homology to extract useful features. We apply this method to weighted directed
graphs obtained from pitch transitions information of a given musical fragment
and use these techniques to the study of stylistic trends. In particular, we
are interested in using these tools to make quantitative stylistic comparisons.
As a first illustration, we analyze a selection of string quartets by Haydn,
Mozart and Beethoven and discuss possible implications of our results in terms
of different approaches by these composers to stylistic exploration and
variety. We observe that Haydn is stylistically the most conservative, followed
by Mozart, while Beethoven is the most innovative, expanding and modifying the
string quartet as a musical form. Finally we also compare the variability of
different genres, namely minuets, allegros, prestos and adagios, by a given
composer and conclude that the minuet is the most stable form of the string
quartet movements.

### Title: Towards Bundle Adjustment for Satellite Imaging via Quantum Machine Learning
* Paper ID: 2204.11133v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11133v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11133v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Given is a set of images, where all images show views of the same area at
different points in time and from different viewpoints. The task is the
alignment of all images such that relevant information, e.g., poses, changes,
and terrain, can be extracted from the fused image. In this work, we focus on
quantum methods for keypoint extraction and feature matching, due to the
demanding computational complexity of these sub-tasks. To this end, k-medoids
clustering, kernel density clustering, nearest neighbor search, and kernel
methods are investigated and it is explained how these methods can be
re-formulated for quantum annealers and gate-based quantum computers.
Experimental results obtained on digital quantum emulation hardware, quantum
annealers, and quantum gate computers show that classical systems still deliver
superior results. However, the proposed methods are ready for the current and
upcoming generations of quantum computing devices which have the potential to
outperform classical systems in the near future.

### Title: On light surfaces in black hole thermodynamics
* Paper ID: 2204.11096v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11096v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11096v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We discuss the fundamentals of classical black hole (BH) thermodynamics in a
new framework determined by light surfaces and their frequencies. This new
approach allows us to study BH transitions inside the Kerr geometry. In the
case of BHs, we introduce a new parametrization of the metric in terms of the
maximum extractable rotational energy or, correspondingly, the irreducible
mass, which is an alternative to the spin parametrization.
  It turns out that BH spacetimes with spins $a/M= \sqrt {8/9}$ and
$a/M=1/\sqrt{2}$ show anomalies in the rotational energy extraction and surface
gravity whereas the case $a/M=\sqrt{3}/2$ is of particular relevance to study
the variations of the horizon area. We find the general conditions under which
BH transitions can occur and express them in terms of the masses of the initial
and final states. This shows that BH transitions in the Kerr geometry are not
arbitrary but depend on the relationship between the mass and spin of the
initial and final states. From an observational point of view, we argue that
near the BH poles it is possible to detect photon orbits with frequencies that
characterize the light surfaces analyzed in this work.

### Title: Giant spectral renormalization and complex hybridization physics in a Kondo lattice system, CeCuSb2
* Paper ID: 2204.11078v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11078v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11078v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We investigate the electronic structure of a Kondo lattice system, CeCuSb2
exhibiting significant mass enhancement and Kondo-type behavior. We observe
multiple features in the hard x-ray photoemission spectra of Ce core levels due
to strong final-state effects. The depth-resolved data exhibit a significant
change in relative intensity of the features with the surface sensitivity of
the probe. The extracted surface and bulk spectral functions are different and
exhibit a Kondo-like feature at higher binding energies in addition to the well
and poorly screened features. The core-level spectra of Sb exhibit huge and
complex changes as a function of the surface sensitivity of the technique. The
analysis of the experimental data suggests that the two non-equivalent Sb sites
possess different electronic structures and in each category, the Sb layers
close to the surface are different from the bulk ones. An increase in
temperature influences the Ce-Sb hybridization significantly. The
plasmon-excitation-induced loss features are also observed in all core level
spectra. All these results reveal the importance of Ce-Sb hybridizations and
indicate that the complex renormalization of Ce-Sb hybridization may be the
reason for the exotic electronic properties of this system.

### Title: MLP-Hash: Protecting Face Templates via Hashing of Randomized Multi-Layer Perceptron
* Paper ID: 2204.11054v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11054v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Applications of face recognition systems for authentication purposes are
growing rapidly. Although state-of-the-art (SOTA) face recognition systems have
high recognition performance, the features which are extracted for each user
and are stored in the system's database contain privacy-sensitive information.
Accordingly, compromising this data would jeopardize users' privacy. In this
paper, we propose a new cancelable template protection method, dubbed MLP-hash,
which generates protected templates by passing the extracted features through a
user-specific randomly-weighted multi-layer perceptron (MLP) and binarizing the
MLP output. We evaluated the unlinkability, irreversibility, and recognition
performance of our proposed biometric template protection method to fulfill the
ISO/IEC 30136 standard requirements. Our experiments with SOTA face recognition
systems on the MOBIO and LFW datasets show that our method has competitive
performance with the BioHashing and IoM Hashing (IoM-GRP and IoM-URP) template
protection algorithms. We provide an open-source implementation of all the
experiments presented in this paper so that other researchers can verify our
findings and build upon our work.

### Title: Uncertain Label Correction via Auxiliary Action Unit Graphs for Facial Expression Recognition
* Paper ID: 2204.11053v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11053v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11053v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: High-quality annotated images are significant to deep facial expression
recognition (FER) methods. However, uncertain labels, mostly existing in
large-scale public datasets, often mislead the training process. In this paper,
we achieve uncertain label correction of facial expressions using auxiliary
action unit (AU) graphs, called ULC-AG. Specifically, a weighted regularization
module is introduced to highlight valid samples and suppress category imbalance
in every batch. Based on the latent dependency between emotions and AUs, an
auxiliary branch using graph convolutional layers is added to extract the
semantic information from graph topologies. Finally, a re-labeling strategy
corrects the ambiguous annotations by comparing their feature similarities with
semantic templates. Experiments show that our ULC-AG achieves 89.31% and 61.57%
accuracy on RAF-DB and AffectNet datasets, respectively, outperforming the
baseline and state-of-the-art methods.

### Title: Class Balanced PixelNet for Neurological Image Segmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.11048v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11048v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11048v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper, we propose an automatic brain tumor segmentation approach
(e.g., PixelNet) using a pixel-level convolutional neural network (CNN). The
model extracts feature from multiple convolutional layers and concatenate them
to form a hyper-column where samples a modest number of pixels for
optimization. Hyper-column ensures both local and global contextual information
for pixel-wise predictors. The model confirms the statistical efficiency by
sampling a few pixels in the training phase where spatial redundancy limits the
information learning among the neighboring pixels in conventional pixel-level
semantic segmentation approaches. Besides, label skewness in training data
leads the convolutional model often converge to certain classes which is a
common problem in the medical dataset. We deal with this problem by selecting
an equal number of pixels for all the classes in sampling time. The proposed
model has achieved promising results in brain tumor and ischemic stroke lesion
segmentation datasets.

### Title: Discriminative Feature Learning Framework with Gradient Preference for Anomaly Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.11014v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11014v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11014v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Unsupervised representation learning has been extensively employed in anomaly
detection, achieving impressive performance. Extracting valuable feature
vectors that can remarkably improve the performance of anomaly detection are
essential in unsupervised representation learning. To this end, we propose a
novel discriminative feature learning framework with gradient preference for
anomaly detection. Specifically, we firstly design a gradient preference based
selector to store powerful feature points in space and then construct a feature
repository, which alleviate the interference of redundant feature vectors and
improve inference efficiency. To overcome the looseness of feature vectors,
secondly, we present a discriminative feature learning with center constrain to
map the feature repository to a compact subspace, so that the anomalous samples
are more distinguishable from the normal ones. Moreover, our method can be
easily extended to anomaly localization. Extensive experiments on popular
industrial and medical anomaly detection datasets demonstrate our proposed
framework can achieve competitive results in both anomaly detection and
localization. More important, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art in
few shot anomaly detection.

### Title: Synthetic U(1) Gauge Invariance in a Spin-1 Bose Gas
* Paper ID: 2204.11007v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11007v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11007v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Recent experimental realizations of the lattice Schwinger model [Nature 587,
392 (2020) and Science 367, 1128 (2020)] open a door for quantum simulation of
elementary particles and their interactions using ultracold atoms, in which the
matter and gauge fields are constrained by a local U(1) gauge invariance known
as the Gauss's law. Stimulated by such exciting progress, we propose a new
scenario in simulating the lattice Schwinger model in a spin-1 Bose-Einstein
condensate. It is shown that our model naturally contains an interaction of the
matter fields which respects the U(1) gauge symmetry but has no counterpart in
the conventional Schwinger model. In addition to the Z2-ordered phase
identified in the previous work, this additional interaction leads to a new
Z3-ordered phase. We map out a rich phase diagram and identify that the
continuous phase transitions from the disordered to the Z2-ordered and the
Z3-ordered phases belong to the Ising and the 3-state Potts universality
classes, respectively. Furthermore, the two ordered phases each possess a set
of quantum scars which give rise to anomalous quantum dynamics when quenched to
a special point in the phase diagram. Our proposal provides a novel platform
for extracting emergent physics in cold-atom-based quantum simulators with
gauge symmetries.

### Title: All-optical graph representation learning using integrated diffractive photonic computing units
* Paper ID: 2204.10978v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10978v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10978v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-23
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Photonic neural networks perform brain-inspired computations using photons
instead of electrons that can achieve substantially improved computing
performance. However, existing architectures can only handle data with regular
structures, e.g., images or videos, but fail to generalize to graph-structured
data beyond Euclidean space, e.g., social networks or document co-citation
networks. Here, we propose an all-optical graph representation learning
architecture, termed diffractive graph neural network (DGNN), based on the
integrated diffractive photonic computing units (DPUs) to address this
limitation. Specifically, DGNN optically encodes node attributes into strip
optical waveguides, which are transformed by DPUs and aggregated by on-chip
optical couplers to extract their feature representations. Each DPU comprises
successive passive layers of metalines to modulate the electromagnetic optical
field via diffraction, where the metaline structures are learnable parameters
shared across graph nodes. DGNN captures complex dependencies among the node
neighborhoods and eliminates the nonlinear transition functions during the
light-speed optical message passing over graph structures. We demonstrate the
use of DGNN extracted features for node and graph-level classification tasks
with benchmark databases and achieve superior performance. Our work opens up a
new direction for designing application-specific integrated photonic circuits
for high-efficiency processing of large-scale graph data structures using deep
learning.

