### Title: Systematic description of COVID-19 pandemic using exact SIR solutions and Gumbel distributions
* Paper ID: 2204.12550v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12550v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12550v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: An epidemiological study of deaths is carried out in a dozen countries by
analyzing the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. These countries are among
those most affected by the first wave, i.e. where daily-death data series may
closely resemble a solution of the basic SIR equations. The SIR equations are
solved parametrically using the proper time as parameter. Some general
properties of the SIR solutions are studied such as time-scaling and asymmetry.
Additionally, we use approximations to the SIR solutions through Gumbel
functions, which present a very similar behavior. The parameters of the SIR
model and the Gumbel function are extracted from the data and compared for the
different countries. It is found that ten of the selected countries are very
well described by the solutions of the SIR model, with a basic reproduction
number between 3 and 8.

### Title: Probing details of spin--orbit coupling through Pauli spin blockade
* Paper ID: 2204.12546v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12546v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12546v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Spin--orbit interaction (SOI) plays a fundamental role in many
low-dimensional semiconductor and hybrid quantum devices. In the rapidly
evolving field of semiconductor spin qubits, SOI is an essential ingredient
that can allow for ultrafast qubit control. The exact manifestation of SOI in a
given device is, however, often both hard to predict theoretically and probe
experimentally. Here, we develop a detailed theoretical connection between the
leakage current through a double quantum dot in Pauli spin blockade and the
underlying SOI in the system. We present a general analytic expression for the
leakage current, which allows to connect experimentally observable features to
both the magnitude and orientation of the effective spin--orbit field acting on
the moving carriers. Motivated by the large recent interest in hole-based
quantum devices, we further zoom in on the case of Pauli blockade of hole
spins, assuming a strong transverse confinement potential. In this limit we
also find an analytic expression for the current at low external magnetic
field, that includes the effect of hyperfine coupling of the hole spins to
randomly fluctuating nuclear spin baths. This result can be used to extract
detailed information about both hyperfine and spin--orbit coupling parameters
for hole spins in devices with a significant fraction of non-zero nuclear
spins.

### Title: Multi stain graph fusion for multimodal integration in pathology
* Paper ID: 2204.12541v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12541v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12541v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In pathology, tissue samples are assessed using multiple staining techniques
to enhance contrast in unique histologic features. In this paper, we introduce
a multimodal CNN-GNN based graph fusion approach that leverages complementary
information from multiple non-registered histopathology images to predict
pathologic scores. We demonstrate this approach in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis
(NASH) by predicting CRN fibrosis stage and NAFLD Activity Score (NAS). Primary
assessment of NASH typically requires liver biopsy evaluation on two
histological stains: Trichrome (TC) and hematoxylin and eosin (H&E). Our
multimodal approach learns to extract complementary information from TC and H&E
graphs corresponding to each stain while simultaneously learning an optimal
policy to combine this information. We report up to 20% improvement in
predicting fibrosis stage and NAS component grades over single-stain modeling
approaches, measured by computing linearly weighted Cohen's kappa between
machine-derived vs. pathologist consensus scores. Broadly, this paper
demonstrates the value of leveraging diverse pathology images for improved
ML-powered histologic assessment.

### Title: Finite resource performance of small satellite-based quantum key distribution missions
* Paper ID: 2204.12509v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12509v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12509v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In satellite-based quantum key distribution (QKD), the number of secret bits
that can be generated in a single satellite pass over the ground station is
severely restricted by the pass duration and the free-space optical channel
loss. High channel loss may decrease the signal-to-noise ratio due to
background noise, reduce the number of generated raw key bits, and increase the
quantum bit error rate (QBER), all of which have detrimental effects on the
output secret key length. Under finite-size security analysis, higher QBER
increases the minimum raw key length necessary for non-zero key length
extraction due to less efficient reconciliation and post-processing overheads.
We show that recent developments in finite key analysis allow three different
small-satellite-based QKD projects CQT-Sat, UK-QUARC-ROKS, and QEYSSat to
produce secret keys even under very high loss conditions, improving on
estimates based on older finite key bounds.

### Title: Impact and detectability of spin-tidal couplings in neutron star inspirals
* Paper ID: 2204.12510v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12510v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12510v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The gravitational wave signal from a binary neutron star merger carries the
imprint of the deformability properties of the coalescing bodies, and then of
the equation of state of neutron stars. In current models of the waveforms
emitted in these events, the contribution of tidal deformation is encoded in a
set of parameters, the tidal Love numbers. More refined models include
tidal-rotation couplings, described by an additional set of parameters, the
rotational tidal Love numbers, which appear in the waveform at $6.5$
post-Newtonian order. For neutron stars with spins as large as $\sim0.1$, we
show that neglecting tidal-rotation couplings may lead to a significant error
in the parameter estimation by third-generation gravitational wave detectors.
By performing a Fisher matrix analysis we assess the measurability of
rotational tidal Love numbers, showing that their contribution in the waveform
could be measured by third-generation detectors. Our results suggest that
current models of tidal deformation in late inspiral should be improved in
order to avoid waveform systematics and extract reliable information from
gravitational wave signals observed by next generation detectors.

### Title: A Model-Adaptive Clustering Method for Low-Carbon Energy System Optimization
* Paper ID: 2204.12467v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12467v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12467v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Intermittent renewable energy resources like wind and solar pose great
uncertainty of multiple time scales, from minutes to years, on the design and
operation of power systems. Energy system optimization models have been
developed to find the least-cost solution to matching the uncertainty with
flexibility resources. However, input data that capture such multi-time-scale
uncertainty are characterized with a long time horizon and bring great
difficulty to solving the optimization model. Here we propose an adaptive
clustering method based on the decision variables of optimization model to
alleviate the computational complexity, in which the energy system is optimized
over selected representative time periods instead of the full time horizon. The
proposed clustering method is adaptive to various energy system optimization
models or settings, because it extracts features from the optimization models.
Results show that the proposed clustering method can significantly lower the
error in approximating the solution with the full time horizon, compared to
traditional clustering methods.

### Title: One-loop central-emission vertex for two gluons in $\mathcal{N}=4$ super Yang-Mills theory
* Paper ID: 2204.12459v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12459v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12459v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A necessary ingredient for extending the BFKL equation to
next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic (NNLL) accuracy is the one-loop central
emission vertex (CEV) for two gluons which are not strongly ordered in
rapidity. Here we consider the one-loop six-gluon amplitude in $\mathcal{N}=4$
super Yang-Mills (SYM) theory in a central next-to-multi-Regge kinematic (NMRK)
limit, we show that its dispersive part factorises in terms of the two-gluon
CEV, and we use it to extract the one-loop two-gluon CEV for any helicity
configuration within this theory. This is a component of the two-gluon CEV in
QCD. Although computed in the NMRK limit, both the colour structure and the
kinematic dependence of the two-gluon CEV capture much of the complexity of the
six-gluon amplitudes in general kinematics. In fact, the transcendental
functions of the latter can be conveniently written in terms of impact factors,
trajectories, single-emission CEVs and a remainder, which is a function of the
conformally invariant cross ratios which characterise the six-gluon amplitudes
in planar $\mathcal{N}=4$ SYM. Finally, as expected, in the MRK limit the
two-gluon CEV neatly factorises in terms of two single-emission CEVs.

### Title: RadioPathomics: Multimodal Learning in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer for Adaptive Radiotherapy
* Paper ID: 2204.12423v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12423v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12423v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The current cancer treatment practice collects multimodal data, such as
radiology images, histopathology slides, genomics and clinical data. The
importance of these data sources taken individually has fostered the recent
raise of radiomics and pathomics, i.e. the extraction of quantitative features
from radiology and histopathology images routinely collected to predict
clinical outcomes or to guide clinical decisions using artificial intelligence
algorithms. Nevertheless, how to combine them into a single multimodal
framework is still an open issue. In this work we therefore develop a
multimodal late fusion approach that combines hand-crafted features computed
from radiomics, pathomics and clinical data to predict radiation therapy
treatment outcomes for non-small-cell lung cancer patients. Within this
context, we investigate eight different late fusion rules (i.e. product,
maximum, minimum, mean, decision template, Dempster-Shafer, majority voting,
and confidence rule) and two patient-wise aggregation rules leveraging the
richness of information given by computer tomography images and whole-slide
scans. The experiments in leave-one-patient-out cross-validation on an in-house
cohort of 33 patients show that the proposed multimodal paradigm with an AUC
equal to $90.9\%$ outperforms each unimodal approach, suggesting that data
integration can advance precision medicine. As a further contribution, we also
compare the hand-crafted representations with features automatically computed
by deep networks, and the late fusion paradigm with early fusion, another
popular multimodal approach. In both cases, the experiments show that the
proposed multimodal approach provides the best results.

### Title: Angular coefficients in W+j production at the LHC with high precision
* Paper ID: 2204.12394v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12394v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12394v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The extraction of the W-boson mass, a fundamental parameter of the Standard
Model, from hadron-hadron collision requires precise theory predictions. In
this regard, angular coefficients are crucial to model the dynamics of W-boson
production. In this work, we provide, for the first time, angular coefficients
at NNLO QCD + NLO EW accuracy for finite transverse momentum W-boson at the
LHC. The corrections can reach up to 10% in certain regions of phase space.
They are accompanied by a significant reduction of the scale uncertainty. This
work should, besides providing reference values for theory-data comparison,
provide state-of-the-art theory input for W-boson mass measurements.

### Title: Ultrafast pseudospin quantum beats in multilayer WSe$_2$ and MoSe$_2$
* Paper ID: 2204.12343v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12343v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12343v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Layered van-der-Waals materials with hexagonal symmetry offer an extra degree
of freedom to their electrons, the so called valley index or valley pseudospin.
This quantity behaves conceptually like the electron spin and the term
valleytronics has been coined. In this context, the group of semiconducting
transition-metal dichalcogenides (TMDC) are particularly appealing, due to
large spin-orbit interactions and a direct bandgap at the K points of the
hexagonal Brillouin zone. In this work, we present investigations of excitonic
transitions in mono- and multilayer WSe$_2$ and MoSe$_2$ materials by
time-resolved Faraday ellipticity (TRFE) with in-plane magnetic fields,
$B_{\parallel}$, of up to 9 T. In monolayer samples, the measured TRFE time
traces are almost independent of $B_{\parallel}$, which confirms a close to
zero in-plane exciton $g$ factor $g_\parallel$, consistent with
first-principles calculations. In stark contrast, we observe pronounced
temporal oscillations in multilayer samples for $B_{\parallel}>0$. Remarkably,
the extracted in-plane $g_\parallel$ are very close to reported out-of-plane
exciton $g$ factors of the materials, namely $|g_{\parallel 1s}|=3.1\pm 0.2$
and $2.5\pm0.2$ for the 1s A excitons in WSe$_2$ and MoSe$_2$ multilayers,
respectively. Our first-principles calculations nicely confirm the presence of
a non-zero $g_{\parallel}$ for the multilayer samples. We propose that the
oscillatory TRFE signal in the multilayer samples is caused by pseudospin
quantum beats of excitons, which is a manifestation of spin- and pseudospin
layer locking in the multilayer samples. Our results demonstrate ultrafast
pseudospin rotations in the GHz- to THz frequency range, which pave the way
towards ultrafast pseudospin manipulation in multilayer TMDC samples.

### Title: Generating Topological Structure of Floorplans from Room Attributes
* Paper ID: 2204.12338v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12338v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12338v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Analysis of indoor spaces requires topological information. In this paper, we
propose to extract topological information from room attributes using what we
call Iterative and adaptive graph Topology Learning (ITL). ITL progressively
predicts multiple relations between rooms; at each iteration, it improves node
embeddings, which in turn facilitates generation of a better topological graph
structure. This notion of iterative improvement of node embeddings and
topological graph structure is in the same spirit as \cite{chen2020iterative}.
However, while \cite{chen2020iterative} computes the adjacency matrix based on
node similarity, we learn the graph metric using a relational decoder to
extract room correlations. Experiments using a new challenging indoor dataset
validate our proposed method. Qualitative and quantitative evaluation for
layout topology prediction and floorplan generation applications also
demonstrate the effectiveness of ITL.

### Title: Linear-response approach to critical quantum many-body systems
* Paper ID: 2204.12335v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12335v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12335v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The characterization of quantum critical phenomena is pivotal for the
understanding and harnessing of quantum many-body physics. However, their
complexity makes the inference of such fundamental processes difficult. Thus,
efficient and experimentally non-demanding methods for their diagnosis are
strongly desired. Here, we introduce a general scheme, based on the combination
of finite-size scaling and the linear response of a given observable to a
time-dependent perturbation, to efficiently extract the energy gaps to the
lowest excited states of the system, and thus infer its dynamical critical
exponents. Remarkably, the scheme is able to tackle both integrable and
non-integrable models, prepared away from their ground states. It thus holds
the potential to embody a valuable diagnostic tool for experimentally
significant problems in quantum many-body physics.

### Title: Brain Tumor Detection and Classification Using a New Evolutionary Convolutional Neural Network
* Paper ID: 2204.12297v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12297v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12297v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A definitive diagnosis of a brain tumour is essential for enhancing treatment
success and patient survival. However, it is difficult to manually evaluate
multiple magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) images generated in a clinic.
Therefore, more precise computer-based tumour detection methods are required.
In recent years, many efforts have investigated classical machine learning
methods to automate this process. Deep learning techniques have recently
sparked interest as a means of diagnosing brain tumours more accurately and
robustly. The goal of this study, therefore, is to employ brain MRI images to
distinguish between healthy and unhealthy patients (including tumour tissues).
As a result, an enhanced convolutional neural network is developed in this
paper for accurate brain image classification. The enhanced convolutional
neural network structure is composed of components for feature extraction and
optimal classification. Nonlinear L\'evy Chaotic Moth Flame Optimizer (NLCMFO)
optimizes hyperparameters for training convolutional neural network layers.
Using the BRATS 2015 data set and brain image datasets from Harvard Medical
School, the proposed model is assessed and compared with various optimization
techniques. The optimized CNN model outperforms other models from the
literature by providing 97.4% accuracy, 96.0% sensitivity, 98.6% specificity,
98.4% precision, and 96.6% F1-score, (the mean of the weighted harmonic value
of CNN precision and recall).

### Title: Science Checker: Extractive-Boolean Question Answering For Scientific Fact Checking
* Paper ID: 2204.12263v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12263v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12263v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: With the explosive growth of scientific publications, making the synthesis of
scientific knowledge and fact checking becomes an increasingly complex task. In
this paper, we propose a multi-task approach for verifying the scientific
questions based on a joint reasoning from facts and evidence in research
articles. We propose an intelligent combination of (1) an automatic information
summarization and (2) a Boolean Question Answering which allows to generate an
answer to a scientific question from only extracts obtained after
summarization. Thus on a given topic, our proposed approach conducts structured
content modeling based on paper abstracts to answer a scientific question while
highlighting texts from paper that discuss the topic. We based our final system
on an end-to-end Extractive Question Answering (EQA) combined with a three
outputs classification model to perform in-depth semantic understanding of a
question to illustrate the aggregation of multiple responses. With our light
and fast proposed architecture, we achieved an average error rate of 4% and a
F1-score of 95.6%. Our results are supported via experiments with two QA models
(BERT, RoBERTa) over 3 Million Open Access (OA) articles in the medical and
health domains on Europe PMC.

### Title: Enhancing Privacy against Inversion Attacks in Federated Learning by using Mixing Gradients Strategies
* Paper ID: 2204.12495v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12495v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12495v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Federated learning reduces the risk of information leakage, but remains
vulnerable to attacks. We investigate how several neural network design
decisions can defend against gradients inversion attacks. We show that
overlapping gradients provides numerical resistance to gradient inversion on
the highly vulnerable dense layer. Specifically, we propose to leverage
batching to maximise mixing of gradients by choosing an appropriate loss
function and drawing identical labels. We show that otherwise it is possible to
directly recover all vectors in a mini-batch without any numerical optimisation
due to the de-mixing nature of the cross entropy loss. To accurately assess
data recovery, we introduce an absolute variation distance (AVD) metric for
information leakage in images, derived from total variation. In contrast to
standard metrics, e.g. Mean Squared Error or Structural Similarity Index, AVD
offers a continuous metric for extracting information in noisy images. Finally,
our empirical results on information recovery from various inversion attacks
and training performance supports our defense strategies. These strategies are
also shown to be useful for deep convolutional neural networks such as LeNET
for image recognition. We hope that this study will help guide the development
of further strategies that achieve a trustful federation policy.

### Title: Polarization switching induced by domain wall sliding in two-dimensional ferroelectric monochalcogenides
* Paper ID: 2204.12209v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12209v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12209v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Monolayer ferroelectric materials have emerged as a promising avenue for
miniaturization of ferroelectric devices, and as potential candidate materials
for future photovoltaics or thermoelectrics. The properties of ferroelectrics
are strongly influenced by the presence of domain walls, but a detailed
theoretical understanding of their role in polarization switching and influence
on optical properties is still lacking in two-dimensional materials. In this
work we study structural, dynamic, electronic and optical properties of 90 and
180 degree DWs in monolayer GeS, GeSe, SnS and SnSe, by means of DFT
calculations. We find that, in all cases, 180 degree walls impact the
properties stronger than 90 degree walls and exhibit higher formation energies.
In particular, calculations of the optical absorption show that 180 degree
walls may induce a red shift of the optical absorption peak of the materials,
significantly enhancing their solar light absorption at high DW densities. We
then calculate the formation energies and migration barriers of DWs and find
that these are strongly dependent on lattice anisotropy. The barriers allow us
to extract the electric field required to induce DW migration and we find much
lower values of the coercive fields compared to coherent bulk polarization
switching. Our results are in agreement with experimental coercive field
measured for SnS and thus elucidate the crucial role of domain walls in
polarization switching.

### Title: Revealing the Mechanism of Magnetic Domain Formation by Topological Data Analysis
* Paper ID: 2204.12194v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12194v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12194v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Understanding pattern formation processes with long-range interactions that
result in nonuniform and nonperiodic structures is important for revealing the
physical properties of widely observed complex systems in nature. In many
cases, pattern formation processes are measured on the basis of spatially
coarse-grained features of the smallest elements, that is, the pixel space of a
grayscale image. By binarizing the data using a common threshold, one can
analyze such grayscale image data using geometrical features, such as the
number of domains (Betti number) or domain size. Because such topological
features are indicators for evaluating all regions uniformly, it is difficult
to determine the nature of each region in a nonuniform structure. Moreover,
binarization leads to loss of valuable information such as fluctuations in the
domain. Here, we show that the analysis method based on persistent homology
provides effective knowledge to understand such pattern formation processes.
Specifically, we analyze the pattern formation process in ferromagnetic
materials under a rapidly sweeping external magnetic field and discover not
only existing types of pattern formation dynamics but also novel ones. On the
basis of results of topological data analysis, we also found a candidate
reduction model to describe the mechanics of these novel magnetic domain
formations. The analysis procedure with persistent homology presented in this
paper provides one format applicable to extracting scientific knowledge from a
wide range of pattern formation processes with long-range interactions.

### Title: Noisy Quantum Kernel Machines
* Paper ID: 2204.12192v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12192v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12192v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In the noisy intermediate-scale quantum era, an important goal is the
conception of implementable algorithms that exploit the rich dynamics of
quantum systems and the high dimensionality of the underlying Hilbert spaces to
perform tasks while prescinding from noise-proof physical systems. An emerging
class of quantum learning machines is that based on the paradigm of quantum
kernels. Here, we study how dissipation and decoherence affect their
performance. We address this issue by investigating the expressivity and the
generalization capacity of these models within the framework of kernel theory.
We introduce and study the effective kernel rank, a figure of merit that
quantifies the number of independent features a noisy quantum kernel is able to
extract from input data. Moreover, we derive an upper bound on the
generalization error of the model that involves the average purity of the
encoded states. Thereby we show that decoherence and dissipation can be seen as
an implicit regularization for the quantum kernel machines. As an illustrative
example, we report exact finite-size simulations of machines based on chains of
driven-dissipative quantum spins to perform a classification task, where the
input data are encoded into the driving fields and the quantum physical system
is fixed. We determine how the performance of noisy kernel machines scales with
the number of nodes (chain sites) as a function of decoherence and examine the
effect of imperfect measurements.

### Title: TranSiam: Fusing Multimodal Visual Features Using Transformer for Medical Image Segmentation
* Paper ID: 2204.12185v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12185v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12185v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Automatic segmentation of medical images based on multi-modality is an
important topic for disease diagnosis. Although the convolutional neural
network (CNN) has been proven to have excellent performance in image
segmentation tasks, it is difficult to obtain global information. The lack of
global information will seriously affect the accuracy of the segmentation
results of the lesion area. In addition, there are visual representation
differences between multimodal data of the same patient. These differences will
affect the results of the automatic segmentation methods. To solve these
problems, we propose a segmentation method suitable for multimodal medical
images that can capture global information, named TranSiam. TranSiam is a 2D
dual path network that extracts features of different modalities. In each path,
we utilize convolution to extract detailed information in low level stage, and
design a ICMT block to extract global information in high level stage. ICMT
block embeds convolution in the transformer, which can extract global
information while retaining spatial and detailed information. Furthermore, we
design a novel fusion mechanism based on cross attention and selfattention,
called TMM block, which can effectively fuse features between different
modalities. On the BraTS 2019 and BraTS 2020 multimodal datasets, we have a
significant improvement in accuracy over other popular methods.

### Title: Direct Bound-Electron $g$ factor Difference Measurement with Coupled Ions
* Paper ID: 2204.12182v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12182v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12182v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The quantum electrodynamic (QED) description of light-and-matter interaction
is one of the most fundamental theories of physics and has been shown to be in
excellent agreement with experimental results. Specifically, measurements of
the electronic magnetic moment (or $g$ factor) of highly charged ions (HCI) in
Penning traps can provide a stringent probe for QED, testing the Standard model
in the strongest electromagnetic fields. When studying the difference of
isotopes, even the intricate effects stemming from the nucleus can be resolved
and tested as, due to the identical electron configuration, many common QED
contributions do not have to be considered. Experimentally however, this
becomes quickly limited, particularly by the precision of the ion masses or the
achievable magnetic field stability. Here we report on a novel measurement
technique that overcomes both of these limitations by co-trapping two HCIs in a
Penning trap and measuring the difference of their $g$ factors directly. The
resulting correlation of magnetic field fluctuations leads to drastically
higher precision. We use a dual Ramsey-type measurement scheme with the ions
locked on a common magnetron orbit, separated by only a few hundred
micrometres, to extract the coherent spin precession frequency difference. We
have measured the isotopic shift of the bound electron $g$ factor of the neon
isotopes of $^{20}$Ne$^{9+}$ and $^{22}$Ne$^{9+}$ to 0.56 parts-per-trillion
($5.6 \cdot 10^{-13}$) precision relative to their $g$ factors, which is an
improvement of more than two orders of magnitude compared to state-of-the-art
techniques. This resolves the QED contribution to the nuclear recoil for the
very first time and accurately validates the corresponding theory. Furthermore,
the agreement with theory allows setting constraints for a fifth-force,
resulting from Higgs-portal-type dark-matter interactions.

### Title: Damping of the isovector giant dipole resonance in $^{40,48}$Ca
* Paper ID: 2204.12170v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12170v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12170v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The fine structure of the IsoVector Giant Dipole Resonance (IVGDR) in the
doubly-magic nuclei $^{40,48}$Ca observed in inelastic proton scattering
experiments under $0^\circ$ is used to investigate the role of different
mechanisms contributing to the IVGDR decay width. Characteristic energy scales
are extracted from the fine structure by means of wavelet analysis. The
experimental scales are compared to different theoretical approaches allowing
for the inclusion of complex configurations beyond the mean-field level.
Calculations are performed in the framework of RPA and second-RPA in a
relativistic approach based on an effective meson-exchange interaction, with
the UCOM effective interaction and, for the first time, with realistic two-
plus three-nucleon interactions from chiral effective field theory employing
the in-medium similarity renormalization group. All models highlight the role
of Landau fragmentation for the damping of the IVGDR, while the differences in
the coupling strength between one particle-one hole (1p-1h) and two
particle-two hole (2p-2h) configurations lead to very different pictures of the
importance of the spreading width resulting in wavelet scales being a sensitive
measure of their interplay. The relativistic approach, in particular, shows
impressive agreement with the number and absolute values of the scales
extracted from the experimental data.

### Title: CoVERT: A Corpus of Fact-checked Biomedical COVID-19 Tweets
* Paper ID: 2204.12164v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12164v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12164v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, large volumes of biomedical
information concerning this new disease have been published on social media.
Some of this information can pose a real danger to people's health,
particularly when false information is shared, for instance recommendations on
how to treat diseases without professional medical advice. Therefore, automatic
fact-checking resources and systems developed specifically for the medical
domain are crucial. While existing fact-checking resources cover
COVID-19-related information in news or quantify the amount of misinformation
in tweets, there is no dataset providing fact-checked COVID-19-related Twitter
posts with detailed annotations for biomedical entities, relations and relevant
evidence. We contribute CoVERT, a fact-checked corpus of tweets with a focus on
the domain of biomedicine and COVID-19-related (mis)information. The corpus
consists of 300 tweets, each annotated with medical named entities and
relations. We employ a novel crowdsourcing methodology to annotate all tweets
with fact-checking labels and supporting evidence, which crowdworkers search
for online. This methodology results in moderate inter-annotator agreement.
Furthermore, we use the retrieved evidence extracts as part of a fact-checking
pipeline, finding that the real-world evidence is more useful than the
knowledge indirectly available in pretrained language models.

### Title: Source-independent quantum random number generator against detector blinding attacks
* Paper ID: 2204.12156v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12156v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12156v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Randomness, mainly in the form of random numbers, is the fundamental
prerequisite for the security of many cryptographic tasks. Quantum randomness
can be extracted even if adversaries are fully aware of the protocol and even
control the randomness source. However, an adversary can further manipulate the
randomness via detector blinding attacks, which are a hacking attack suffered
by protocols with trusted detectors. Here, by treating no-click events as valid
error events, we propose a quantum random number generation protocol that can
simultaneously address source vulnerability and ferocious detector blinding
attacks. The method can be extended to high-dimensional random number
generation. We experimentally demonstrate the ability of our protocol to
generate random numbers for two-dimensional measurement with a generation speed
of 0.515 Mbps, which is two orders of magnitude higher than that of
device-independent protocols that can address both issues of imperfect sources
and imperfect detectors.

### Title: ClothFormer:Taming Video Virtual Try-on in All Module
* Paper ID: 2204.12151v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12151v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12151v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/luxiangju-personai/clothformer](https://github.com/luxiangju-personai/clothformer)
* Summary: The task of video virtual try-on aims to fit the target clothes to a person
in the video with spatio-temporal consistency. Despite tremendous progress of
image virtual try-on, they lead to inconsistency between frames when applied to
videos. Limited work also explored the task of video-based virtual try-on but
failed to produce visually pleasing and temporally coherent results. Moreover,
there are two other key challenges: 1) how to generate accurate warping when
occlusions appear in the clothing region; 2) how to generate clothes and
non-target body parts (e.g. arms, neck) in harmony with the complicated
background; To address them, we propose a novel video virtual try-on framework,
ClothFormer, which successfully synthesizes realistic, harmonious, and
spatio-temporal consistent results in complicated environment. In particular,
ClothFormer involves three major modules. First, a two-stage anti-occlusion
warping module that predicts an accurate dense flow mapping between the body
regions and the clothing regions. Second, an appearance-flow tracking module
utilizes ridge regression and optical flow correction to smooth the dense flow
sequence and generate a temporally smooth warped clothing sequence. Third, a
dual-stream transformer extracts and fuses clothing textures, person features,
and environment information to generate realistic try-on videos. Through
rigorous experiments, we demonstrate that our method highly surpasses the
baselines in terms of synthesized video quality both qualitatively and
quantitatively.

### Title: Interactions Between Bilayers of Phospholipids Mixture Extracted from Human Osteoarthritic Synovial Fluid
* Paper ID: 2204.12128v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12128v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12128v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Duncan Dowson, whom this issue commemorates, was a world leader in the field
of biotribology, with prolific contributions both in fluid-based and boundary
lubrication of biological tissues, in particular articular cartilage, a central
issue in biotribology due to its importance for joint homeostasis. Here we
explore further the issue of cartilage boundary lubrication, which has been
attributed to phospholipid (PL)-exposing layers at the cartilage surface in
part. A surface force balance (SFB) with unique sensitivity is used to
investigate the normal and frictional interactions of the boundary layers
formed by PLs extracted from osteoarthritic (OA) human synovial fluid (hSF).
Our results reveal that vesicles of the OA-hSF lipids rupture spontaneously to
form bilayers on the mica substrate (which, like the in-vivo articular
cartilage surface in synovial joints, is negatively-charged) which then undergo
hemifusion at quite low pressures in the SFB, attributed to the large
heterogeneity of the hSF lipids. Nanometric friction measurements reveal
friction coefficients mu = ca. 0.03 across the hemi-fused bilayer of these
lipids, indicating residual hydration lubrication at the lipid-headgroup vs.
substrate interface. Addition of calcium ions causes an increase in friction to
mu = ca. 0.2, attributed either to calcium-bridging attraction of lipid
headgroups to the negatively-charged substrate, or a shift of the slip plane to
the more dissipative hydrophobic-tail vs. hydrophobic-tail interface. Our
results suggest that the heterogeneity and composition of the OA-hSF lipids may
be associated with higher friction at the cartilage boundary layers, and thus a
connection with greater wear and degradation, due to hemifusion of the exposed
lipid bilayers.

### Title: A Robust Contrastive Alignment Method For Multi-Domain Text Classification
* Paper ID: 2204.12125v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12125v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12125v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Multi-domain text classification can automatically classify texts in various
scenarios. Due to the diversity of human languages, texts with the same label
in different domains may differ greatly, which brings challenges to the
multi-domain text classification. Current advanced methods use the
private-shared paradigm, capturing domain-shared features by a shared encoder,
and training a private encoder for each domain to extract domain-specific
features. However, in realistic scenarios, these methods suffer from
inefficiency as new domains are constantly emerging. In this paper, we propose
a robust contrastive alignment method to align text classification features of
various domains in the same feature space by supervised contrastive learning.
By this means, we only need two universal feature extractors to achieve
multi-domain text classification. Extensive experimental results show that our
method performs on par with or sometimes better than the state-of-the-art
method, which uses the complex multi-classifier in a private-shared framework.

### Title: Super-High-Frequency Low-Loss Sezawa Mode SAW Devices in a GaN/SiC Platform
* Paper ID: 2204.12113v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12113v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12113v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper presents a comprehensive study of the performance of Sezawa
surface acoustic wave (SAW) devices in SweGaN QuanFINE ultrathin GaN/SiC
platform, reaching frequencies above 14 GHz for the first time. Sezawa mode
frequency scaling is achieved due to the elimination of the thick buffer layer
typically present in epitaxial GaN technology. Finite element analysis (FEA) is
first performed to find the range of frequencies over which the Sezawa mode is
supported in the grown structure. Transmission lines and resonance cavities
driven with Interdigital Transducers (IDTs) are designed, fabricated, and
characterized. Modified Mason circuit models are developed for each class of
devices to extract critical performance metrics. We observe a strong
correlation between measured and simulated dispersion of the phase velocity
(vp) and piezoelectric coupling coefficient (k^2). Maximum k^2 of 0.61% and
frequency-quality factor product (f.Qm) of 6x10^12 1/s are achieved for Sezawa
resonators at 11 GHz, with a minimum propagation loss of 0.26 dB/wavelength for
the two-port devices. Sezawa modes are observed at frequencies spanning up to
14.3 GHz, achieving a record high in GaN microelectromechanical systems (MEMS)
to the best of the authors' knowledge.

### Title: Reformulating Speaker Diarization as Community Detection With Emphasis On Topological Structure
* Paper ID: 2204.12112v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12112v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12112v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Clustering-based speaker diarization has stood firm as one of the major
approaches in reality, despite recent development in end-to-end diarization.
However, clustering methods have not been explored extensively for speaker
diarization. Commonly-used methods such as k-means, spectral clustering, and
agglomerative hierarchical clustering only take into account properties such as
proximity and relative densities. In this paper we propose to view
clustering-based diarization as a community detection problem. By doing so the
topological structure is considered. This work has four major contributions.
First it is shown that Leiden community detection algorithm significantly
outperforms the previous methods on the clustering of speaker-segments. Second,
we propose to use uniform manifold approximation to reduce dimension while
retaining global and local topological structure. Third, a masked filtering
approach is introduced to extract "clean" speaker embeddings. Finally, the
community structure is applied to an end-to-end post-processing network to
obtain diarization results. The final system presents a relative DER reduction
of up to 70 percent. The breakdown contribution of each component is analyzed.

### Title: Learning Dual-Pixel Alignment for Defocus Deblurring
* Paper ID: 2204.12105v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12105v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12105v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/liyucs/dpanet](https://github.com/liyucs/dpanet)
* Summary: It is a challenging task to recover all-in-focus image from a single defocus
blurry image in real-world applications. On many modern cameras, dual-pixel
(DP) sensors create two-image views, based on which stereo information can be
exploited to benefit defocus deblurring. Despite existing DP defocus deblurring
methods achieving impressive results, they directly take naive concatenation of
DP views as input, while neglecting the disparity between left and right views
in the regions out of camera's depth of field (DoF). In this work, we propose a
Dual-Pixel Alignment Network (DPANet) for defocus deblurring. Generally, DPANet
is an encoder-decoder with skip-connections, where two branches with shared
parameters in the encoder are employed to extract and align deep features from
left and right views, and one decoder is adopted to fuse aligned features for
predicting the all-in-focus image. Due to that DP views suffer from different
blur amounts, it is not trivial to align left and right views. To this end, we
propose novel encoder alignment module (EAM) and decoder alignment module
(DAM). In particular, a correlation layer is suggested in EAM to measure the
disparity between DP views, whose deep features can then be accordingly aligned
using deformable convolutions. And DAM can further enhance the alignment of
skip-connected features from encoder and deep features in decoder. By
introducing several EAMs and DAMs, DP views in DPANet can be well aligned for
better predicting latent all-in-focus image. Experimental results on real-world
datasets show that our DPANet is notably superior to state-of-the-art
deblurring methods in reducing defocus blur while recovering visually plausible
sharp structures and textures.

### Title: Symlink: A New Dataset for Scientific Symbol-Description Linking
* Paper ID: 2204.12070v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12070v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12070v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Mathematical symbols and descriptions appear in various forms across document
section boundaries without explicit markup. In this paper, we present a new
large-scale dataset that emphasizes extracting symbols and descriptions in
scientific documents. Symlink annotates scientific papers of 5 different
domains (i.e., computer science, biology, physics, mathematics, and economics).
Our experiments on Symlink demonstrate the challenges of the symbol-description
linking task for existing models and call for further research effort in this
area. We will publicly release Symlink to facilitate future research.

### Title: PLOD: An Abbreviation Detection Dataset for Scientific Documents
* Paper ID: 2204.12061v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12061v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12061v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: [https://github.com/surrey-nlp/PLOD-AbbreviationDetection](https://github.com/surrey-nlp/PLOD-AbbreviationDetection)
* Summary: The detection and extraction of abbreviations from unstructured texts can
help to improve the performance of Natural Language Processing tasks, such as
machine translation and information retrieval. However, in terms of publicly
available datasets, there is not enough data for training
deep-neural-networks-based models to the point of generalising well over data.
This paper presents PLOD, a large-scale dataset for abbreviation detection and
extraction that contains 160k+ segments automatically annotated with
abbreviations and their long forms. We performed manual validation over a set
of instances and a complete automatic validation for this dataset. We then used
it to generate several baseline models for detecting abbreviations and long
forms. The best models achieved an F1-score of 0.92 for abbreviations and 0.89
for detecting their corresponding long forms. We release this dataset along
with our code and all the models publicly in
https://github.com/surrey-nlp/AbbreviationDetRepo.

### Title: A One-Covariate-at-a-Time Method for Nonparametric Additive Models
* Paper ID: 2204.12023v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12023v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12023v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper proposes a one-covariate-at-a-time multiple testing (OCMT)
approach to choose significant variables in high-dimensional nonparametric
additive regression models. Similarly to Chudik, Kapetanios and Pesaran (2018),
we consider the statistical significance of individual nonparametric additive
components one at a time and take into account the multiple testing nature of
the problem. One-stage and multiple-stage procedures are both considered. The
former works well in terms of the true positive rate only if the marginal
effects of all signals are strong enough; the latter helps to pick up hidden
signals that have weak marginal effects. Simulations demonstrate the good
finite sample performance of the proposed procedures. As an empirical
application, we use the OCMT procedure on a dataset we extracted from the
Longitudinal Survey on Rural Urban Migration in China. We find that our
procedure works well in terms of the out-of-sample forecast root mean square
errors, compared with competing methods.

### Title: Parametric Dynamic Mode Decomposition for Reduced Order Modeling
* Paper ID: 2204.12006v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12006v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.12006v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Dynamic Mode Decomposition (DMD) is a model-order reduction approach, whereby
spatial modes of fixed temporal frequencies are extracted from numerical or
experimental data sets. The DMD low-rank or reduced operator is typically
obtained by singular value decomposition of the temporal data sets. For
parameter-dependent models, as found in many multi-query applications such as
uncertainty quantification or design optimization, the only parametric DMD
technique developed was a stacked approach, with data sets at multiples
parameter values were aggregated together, increasing the computational work
needed to devise low-rank dynamical reduced-order models. In this paper, we
present two novel approach to carry out parametric DMD: one based on the
interpolation of the reduced-order DMD eigenpair and the other based on the
interpolation of the reduced DMD (Koopman) operator. Numerical results are
presented for diffusion-dominated nonlinear dynamical problems, including a
multiphysics radiative transfer example. All three parametric DMD approaches
are compared.

### Title: Adversarial Filtering Modeling on Long-term User Behavior Sequences for Click-Through Rate Prediction
* Paper ID: 2204.11587v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11587v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11587v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Rich user behavior information is of great importance for capturing and
understanding user interest in click-through rate (CTR) prediction. To improve
the richness, collecting long-term behaviors becomes a typical approach in
academy and industry but at the cost of increasing online storage and latency.
Recently, researchers have proposed several approaches to shorten long-term
behavior sequence and then model user interests. These approaches reduce online
cost efficiently but do not well handle the noisy information in long-term user
behavior, which may deteriorate the performance of CTR prediction
significantly. To obtain better cost/performance trade-off, we propose a novel
Adversarial Filtering Model (ADFM) to model long-term user behavior. ADFM uses
a hierarchical aggregation representation to compress raw behavior sequence and
then learns to remove useless behavior information with an adversarial
filtering mechanism. The selected user behaviors are fed into interest
extraction module for CTR prediction. Experimental results on public datasets
and industrial dataset demonstrate that our method achieves significant
improvements over state-of-the-art models.

### Title: Real-time Speech Emotion Recognition Based on Syllable-Level Feature Extraction
* Paper ID: 2204.11382v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11382v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11382v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-26
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Speech emotion recognition systems have high prediction latency because of
the high computational requirements for deep learning models and low
generalizability mainly because of the poor reliability of emotional
measurements across multiple corpora. To solve these problems, we present a
speech emotion recognition system based on a reductionist approach of
decomposing and analyzing syllable-level features. Mel-spectrogram of an audio
stream is decomposed into syllable-level components, which are then analyzed to
extract statistical features. The proposed method uses formant attention,
noise-gate filtering, and rolling normalization contexts to increase feature
processing speed and tolerance to adversity. A set of syllable-level formant
features is extracted and fed into a single hidden layer neural network that
makes predictions for each syllable as opposed to the conventional approach of
using a sophisticated deep learner to make sentence-wide predictions. The
syllable level predictions help to achieve the real-time latency and lower the
aggregated error in utterance level cross-corpus predictions. The experiments
on IEMOCAP (IE), MSP-Improv (MI), and RAVDESS (RA) databases show that the
method archives real-time latency while predicting with state-of-the-art
cross-corpus unweighted accuracy of 47.6% for IE to MI and 56.2% for MI to IE.

