### Title: Extraction of Unaliased High-Frequency Micro-Doppler Signature using FMCW radar
* Paper ID: 2204.09621v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Micro-Doppler signature is a potent feature that has been used for target
identification and micro-motion parameter estimation. The extraction of high
frequency micro-Doppler signature from frequency modulated continuous wave
(FMCW) radar along with the target range and velocity is the problem considered
in this article. The severe aliasing of the high micro-Doppler frequency spread
is circumvented by the fast time processing in the proposed method. The use of
range-Doppler (RD) filtering and empirical mode decomposition (EMD) enables
effective out-of-band and in-band noise suppression. Simulation studies and
experimental results present the effectiveness of the proposed approach.

### Title: Assembly Planning from Observations under Physical Constraints
* Paper ID: 2204.09616v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper addresses the problem of copying an unknown assembly of primitives
with known shape and appearance using information extracted from a single
photograph by an off-the-shelf procedure for object detection and pose
estimation. The proposed algorithm uses a simple combination of physical
stability constraints, convex optimization and Monte Carlo tree search to plan
assemblies as sequences of pick-and-place operations represented by STRIPS
operators. It is efficient and, most importantly, robust to the errors in
object detection and pose estimation unavoidable in any real robotic system.
The proposed approach is demonstrated with thorough experiments on a UR5
manipulator.

### Title: Geometric picture for SLOCC classification of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states
* Paper ID: 2204.09586v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We show that the pure entangled three-qubit symmetric states which are
inequivalent under stochastic local operations and classcial communication
(SLOCC) exhibit distinct geometric representation in terms of a spheroid
inscribed within the Bloch sphere. We provide detailed analysis of the SLOCC
canonical forms of the reduced two-qubit states extracted from entangled
three-qubit pure symmetric states. Based on the Lorentz canonical forms of
these states we arrive at two different geometrical representations: (i) a
prolate spheroid centered at the origin of the Bloch sphere -- with longest
semiaxis along the z-direction (symmetry axis of the spheroid) equal to 1 -- in
the case of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states constructed from 3
distinct spinors and (ii) a spheroid centered at (0,0,1/2) inside the Bloch
sphere, with fixed semiaxes lengths (1/sqrt{2}, 1/sqrt{2}, 1/2) when the
three-qubit pure state is constructed via symmetrization of 2 distinct spinors.

### Title: A Survey on Neural Abstractive Summarization Methods and Factual Consistency of Summarization
* Paper ID: 2204.09519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Automatic summarization is the process of shortening a set of textual data
computationally, to create a subset (a summary) that represents the most
important pieces of information in the original text. Existing summarization
methods can be roughly divided into two types: extractive and abstractive. An
extractive summarizer explicitly selects text snippets (words, phrases,
sentences, etc.) from the source document, while an abstractive summarizer
generates novel text snippets to convey the most salient concepts prevalent in
the source.

### Title: From Laser Speckle to Particle Size Distribution in drying powders: A Physics-Enhanced AutoCorrelation-based Estimator (PEACE)
* Paper ID: 2204.09516v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Extracting quantitative information about highly scattering surfaces from an
imaging system is challenging because the phase of the scattered light
undergoes multiple folds upon propagation, resulting in complex speckle
patterns. One specific application is the drying of wet powders in the
pharmaceutical industry, where quantifying the particle size distribution (PSD)
is of particular interest. A non-invasive and real-time monitoring probe in the
drying process is required, but there is no suitable candidate for this
purpose. In this report, we develop a theoretical relationship from the PSD to
the speckle image and describe a physics-enhanced autocorrelation-based
estimator (PEACE) machine learning algorithm for speckle analysis to measure
the PSD of a powder surface. This method solves both the forward and inverse
problems together and enjoys increased interpretability, since the machine
learning approximator is regularized by the physical law.

### Title: Per-run Algorithm Selection with Warm-starting using Trajectory-based Features
* Paper ID: 2204.09483v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Per-instance algorithm selection seeks to recommend, for a given problem
instance and a given performance criterion, one or several suitable algorithms
that are expected to perform well for the particular setting. The selection is
classically done offline, using openly available information about the problem
instance or features that are extracted from the instance during a dedicated
feature extraction step. This ignores valuable information that the algorithms
accumulate during the optimization process.
  In this work, we propose an alternative, online algorithm selection scheme
which we coin per-run algorithm selection. In our approach, we start the
optimization with a default algorithm, and, after a certain number of
iterations, extract instance features from the observed trajectory of this
initial optimizer to determine whether to switch to another optimizer. We test
this approach using the CMA-ES as the default solver, and a portfolio of six
different optimizers as potential algorithms to switch to. In contrast to other
recent work on online per-run algorithm selection, we warm-start the second
optimizer using information accumulated during the first optimization phase. We
show that our approach outperforms static per-instance algorithm selection. We
also compare two different feature extraction principles, based on exploratory
landscape analysis and time series analysis of the internal state variables of
the CMA-ES, respectively. We show that a combination of both feature sets
provides the most accurate recommendations for our test cases, taken from the
BBOB function suite from the COCO platform and the YABBOB suite from the
Nevergrad platform.

### Title: Hephaestus: A large scale multitask dataset towards InSAR understanding
* Paper ID: 2204.09435v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus](https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus)
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data and Interferometric SAR (InSAR) products
in particular, are one of the largest sources of Earth Observation data. InSAR
provides unique information on diverse geophysical processes and geology, and
on the geotechnical properties of man-made structures. However, there are only
a limited number of applications that exploit the abundance of InSAR data and
deep learning methods to extract such knowledge. The main barrier has been the
lack of a large curated and annotated InSAR dataset, which would be costly to
create and would require an interdisciplinary team of experts experienced on
InSAR data interpretation. In this work, we put the effort to create and make
available the first of its kind, manually annotated dataset that consists of
19,919 individual Sentinel-1 interferograms acquired over 44 different
volcanoes globally, which are split into 216,106 InSAR patches. The annotated
dataset is designed to address different computer vision problems, including
volcano state classification, semantic segmentation of ground deformation,
detection and classification of atmospheric signals in InSAR imagery,
interferogram captioning, text to InSAR generation, and InSAR image quality
assessment.

### Title: FenceNet: Fine-grained Footwork Recognition in Fencing
* Paper ID: 2204.09434v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Current data analysis for the Canadian Olympic fencing team is primarily done
manually by coaches and analysts. Due to the highly repetitive, yet dynamic and
subtle movements in fencing, manual data analysis can be inefficient and
inaccurate. We propose FenceNet as a novel architecture to automate the
classification of fine-grained footwork techniques in fencing. FenceNet takes
2D pose data as input and classifies actions using a skeleton-based action
recognition approach that incorporates temporal convolutional networks to
capture temporal information. We train and evaluate FenceNet on the Fencing
Footwork Dataset (FFD), which contains 10 fencers performing 6 different
footwork actions for 10-11 repetitions each (652 total videos). FenceNet
achieves 85.4% accuracy under 10-fold cross-validation, where each fencer is
left out as the test set. This accuracy is within 1% of the current
state-of-the-art method, JLJA (86.3%), which selects and fuses features
engineered from skeleton data, depth videos, and inertial measurement units.
BiFenceNet, a variant of FenceNet that captures the "bidirectionality" of human
movement through two separate networks, achieves 87.6% accuracy, outperforming
JLJA. Since neither FenceNet nor BiFenceNet requires data from wearable
sensors, unlike JLJA, they could be directly applied to most fencing videos,
using 2D pose data as input extracted from off-the-shelf 2D human pose
estimators. In comparison to JLJA, our methods are also simpler as they do not
require manual feature engineering, selection, or fusion.

### Title: PP-Matting: High-Accuracy Natural Image Matting
* Paper ID: 2204.09433v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg)
* Summary: Natural image matting is a fundamental and challenging computer vision task.
It has many applications in image editing and composition. Recently, deep
learning-based approaches have achieved great improvements in image matting.
However, most of them require a user-supplied trimap as an auxiliary input,
which limits the matting applications in the real world. Although some
trimap-free approaches have been proposed, the matting quality is still
unsatisfactory compared to trimap-based ones. Without the trimap guidance, the
matting models suffer from foreground-background ambiguity easily, and also
generate blurry details in the transition area. In this work, we propose
PP-Matting, a trimap-free architecture that can achieve high-accuracy natural
image matting. Our method applies a high-resolution detail branch (HRDB) that
extracts fine-grained details of the foreground with keeping feature resolution
unchanged. Also, we propose a semantic context branch (SCB) that adopts a
semantic segmentation subtask. It prevents the detail prediction from local
ambiguity caused by semantic context missing. In addition, we conduct extensive
experiments on two well-known benchmarks: Composition-1k and Distinctions-646.
The results demonstrate the superiority of PP-Matting over previous methods.
Furthermore, we provide a qualitative evaluation of our method on human matting
which shows its outstanding performance in the practical application. The code
and pre-trained models will be available at PaddleSeg:
https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg.

### Title: GRB 210121A: Observation of photospheric emissions from different regimes and the evolution of the outflow
* Paper ID: 2204.09430v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: GRB 210121A was observed by Insight-HXMT, Gravitational wave high-energy
Electromagnetic Counterpart All-sky Monitor (GECAM), Fermi Gamma-ray Burst
Monitor (Fermi/GBM) on Jan 21st 2021. In this work, photospheric emission from
a structured jet is preferred to interpret the prompt emission phase of GRB
210121A and emissions from different regimes are observed on-axis.
Particularly, the emission from the intermediate photosphere is first observed
in the first 1.3 s of the prompt emission, while those from the other part are
dominant by the saturated regime, and offers an alternative explanation
compared with the previous work. Moreover, the emissions with considering the
intermediate photosphere can well interpret the changes on low-energy photon
index $\alpha$ during the pulses. Besides, the evolution of the outflow is
extracted from time-resolved analysis, and a correlation of $\Gamma_0 \propto
L^{0.24\pm0.04}_0$ is obtained, which implies that the jet may be mainly
launched by neutrino annihilation in a hyper-accretion disk.

### Title: You Are What You Write: Preserving Privacy in the Era of Large Language Models
* Paper ID: 2204.09391v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Large scale adoption of large language models has introduced a new era of
convenient knowledge transfer for a slew of natural language processing tasks.
However, these models also run the risk of undermining user trust by exposing
unwanted information about the data subjects, which may be extracted by a
malicious party, e.g. through adversarial attacks. We present an empirical
investigation into the extent of the personal information encoded into
pre-trained representations by a range of popular models, and we show a
positive correlation between the complexity of a model, the amount of data used
in pre-training, and data leakage. In this paper, we present the first wide
coverage evaluation and comparison of some of the most popular
privacy-preserving algorithms, on a large, multi-lingual dataset on sentiment
analysis annotated with demographic information (location, age and gender). The
results show since larger and more complex models are more prone to leaking
private information, use of privacy-preserving methods is highly desirable. We
also find that highly privacy-preserving technologies like differential privacy
(DP) can have serious model utility effects, which can be ameliorated using
hybrid or metric-DP techniques.

### Title: Profiling and Evolution of Intellectual Property
* Paper ID: 2204.09333v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In recent years, with the rapid growth of Internet data, the number and types
of scientific and technological resources are also rapidly expanding. However,
the increase in the number and category of information data will also increase
the cost of information acquisition. For technology-based enterprises or users,
in addition to general papers, patents, etc., policies related to technology or
the development of their industries should also belong to a type of scientific
and technological resources. The cost and difficulty of acquiring users.
Extracting valuable science and technology policy resources from a huge amount
of data with mixed contents and providing accurate and fast retrieval will help
to break down information barriers and reduce the cost of information
acquisition, which has profound social significance and social utility. This
article focuses on the difficulties and problems in the field of science and
technology policy, and introduces related technologies and developments.

### Title: Where is Your App Frustrating Users?
* Paper ID: 2204.09310v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: User reviews of mobile apps provide a communication channel for developers to
perceive user satisfaction. Many app features that users have problems with are
usually expressed by key phrases such as "upload pictures", which could be
buried in the review texts. The lack of fine-grained view about problematic
features could obscure the developers' understanding of where the app is
frustrating users, and postpone the improvement of the apps. Existing
pattern-based approaches to extract target phrases suffer from low accuracy due
to insufficient semantic understanding of the reviews, thus can only summarize
the high-level topics/aspects of the reviews. This paper proposes a
semantic-aware, fine-grained app review analysis approach (SIRA) to extract,
cluster, and visualize the problematic features of apps. The main component of
SIRA is a novel BERT+Attr-CRF model for fine-grained problematic feature
extraction, which combines textual descriptions and review attributes to better
model the semantics of reviews and boost the performance of the traditional
BERT-CRF model. SIRA also clusters the extracted phrases based on their
semantic relations and presents a visualization of the summaries. Our
evaluation on 3,426 reviews from six apps confirms the effectiveness of SIRA in
problematic feature extraction and clustering. We further conduct an empirical
study with SIRA on 318,534 reviews of 18 popular apps to explore its potential
application and examine its usefulness in real-world practice.

### Title: Dynamic Free-Space Roadmap for Safe Quadrotor Motion Planning
* Paper ID: 2204.09265v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Free-space-oriented roadmaps typically generate a series of convex geometric
primitives, which constitute the safe region for motion planning. However, a
static environment is assumed for this kind of roadmap. This assumption makes
it unable to deal with dynamic obstacles and limits its applications. In this
paper, we present a dynamic free-space roadmap, which provides feasible spaces
and a navigation graph for safe quadrotor motion planning. Our roadmap is
constructed by continuously seeding and extracting free regions in the
environment. In order to adapt our map to environments with dynamic obstacles,
we incrementally decompose the polyhedra intersecting with obstacles into
obstacle-free regions, while the graph is also updated by our well-designed
mechanism. Extensive simulations and real-world experiments demonstrate that
our method is practically applicable and efficient.

### Title: Spectroscopy of light baryons with strangeness -1, -2, and -3
* Paper ID: 2204.09257v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The present article contains the descriptive study of light strange baryons
$\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$. The Regge phenomenology with linear
Regge trajectories has been employed and the relations between Regge slopes,
intercepts, and baryon masses have been extracted. With the aid of these
relations, ground state masses are obtained for $\Xi$ and $\Omega$ baryons.
Regge parameters have also been estimated to calculate the excited state masses
for $\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$ baryons in both the $(J,M^{2})$
and $(n,M^{2})$ planes. The obtained results are compared with available
experimental data and various theoretical approaches. We predict the
spin-parity of recently observed light baryons and our predictions may be
useful in future experimental searches of these baryons and their $J^{P}$
assignments.

### Title: Dark Spot Detection from SAR Images Based on Superpixel Deeper Graph Convolutional Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09230v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is the main instrument utilized for the
detection of oil slicks on the ocean surface. In SAR images, some areas
affected by ocean phenomena, such as rain cells, upwellings, and internal
waves, or discharge from oil spills appear as dark spots on images. Dark spot
detection is the first step in the detection of oil spills, which then become
oil slick candidates. The accuracy of dark spot segmentation ultimately affects
the accuracy of oil slick identification. Although some advanced deep learning
methods that use pixels as processing units perform well in remote sensing
image semantic segmentation, detecting some dark spots with weak boundaries
from noisy SAR images remains a huge challenge. We propose a dark spot
detection method based on superpixels deeper graph convolutional networks
(SGDCN) in this paper, which takes the superpixels as the processing units and
extracts features for each superpixel. The features calculated from superpixel
regions are more robust than those from fixed pixel neighborhoods. To reduce
the difficulty of learning tasks, we discard irrelevant features and obtain an
optimal subset of features. After superpixel segmentation, the images are
transformed into graphs with superpixels as nodes, which are fed into the
deeper graph convolutional neural network for node classification. This graph
neural network uses a differentiable aggregation function to aggregate the
features of nodes and neighbors to form more advanced features. It is the first
time using it for dark spot detection. To validate our method, we mark all dark
spots on six SAR images covering the Baltic Sea and construct a dark spots
detection dataset, which has been made publicly available
(https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12UavrntkDSPrItISQ8iGefXn2gIZHxJ6?usp=sharing).
The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed SGDCN is robust and
effective.

### Title: Efficient Progressive High Dynamic Range Image Restoration via Attention and Alignment Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09213v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: HDR is an important part of computational photography technology. In this
paper, we propose a lightweight neural network called Efficient
Attention-and-alignment-guided Progressive Network (EAPNet) for the challenge
NTIRE 2022 HDR Track 1 and Track 2. We introduce a multi-dimensional
lightweight encoding module to extract features. Besides, we propose
Progressive Dilated U-shape Block (PDUB) that can be a progressive
plug-and-play module for dynamically tuning MAccs and PSNR. Finally, we use
fast and low-power feature-align module to deal with misalignment problem in
place of the time-consuming Deformable Convolutional Network (DCN). The
experiments show that our method achieves about 20 times compression on MAccs
with better mu-PSNR and PSNR compared to the state-of-the-art method. We got
the second place of both two tracks during the testing phase. Figure1. shows
the visualized result of NTIRE 2022 HDR challenge.

### Title: Core Box Image Recognition and its Improvement with a New Augmentation Technique
* Paper ID: 2204.08853v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08853v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08853v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/beeugene/templateartification](https://github.com/beeugene/templateartification)
* Summary: Most methods for automated full-bore rock core image analysis (description,
colour, properties distribution, etc.) are based on separate core column
analyses. The core is usually imaged in a box because of the significant amount
of time taken to get an image for each core column. The work presents an
innovative method and algorithm for core columns extraction from core boxes.
The conditions for core boxes imaging may differ tremendously. Such differences
are disastrous for machine learning algorithms which need a large dataset
describing all possible data variations. Still, such images have some standard
features - a box and core. Thus, we can emulate different environments with a
unique augmentation described in this work. It is called template-like
augmentation (TLA). The method is described and tested on various environments,
and results are compared on an algorithm trained on both 'traditional' data and
a mix of traditional and TLA data. The algorithm trained with TLA data provides
better metrics and can detect core on most new images, unlike the algorithm
trained on data without TLA. The algorithm for core column extraction
implemented in an automated core description system speeds up the core box
processing by a factor of 20.

### Title: Two-level Quantum Walkers on Directed Graphs II: An Application to qRAM
* Paper ID: 2204.08709v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08709v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08709v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This is the second paper in a series of two. Using a multi-particle
continuous-time quantum walk with two internal states, which has been
formulated in the first paper (arXiv:2112.08119), we physically implement a
quantum random access memory (qRAM). Data with address information are
dual-rail encoded into quantum walkers. The walkers pass through perfect binary
trees to access the designated memory cells and copy the data stored in the
cells. A roundabout gate allocated at each node serves as a router to move the
walker from the parent node to one of two child nodes, depending on the
internal state of the walker. In this process, the address information is
sequentially encoded into the internal states so that the walkers are
adequately delivered to the target cells. The present qRAM, which processes
$2^n$ $m$-qubit data, is implemented in a quantum circuit of depth
$O(n\log(n+m))$ and requires $O(n+m)$ qubit resources. This is more efficient
than the conventional bucket-brigade qRAM that requires $O(n^2+nm)$ steps and
$O(2^{n}+m)$ qubit resources for processing. Moreover, since the walkers are
not entangled with any device on the binary trees, the cost of maintaining
coherence could be reduced. Notably, by simply passing quantum walkers through
binary trees, data can be automatically extracted in a quantum superposition
state. In other words, any time-dependent control is not required.

### Title: fairDMS: Rapid Model Training by Data and Model Reuse
* Paper ID: 2204.09805v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09805v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09805v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Extracting actionable information from data sources such as the Linac
Coherent Light Source (LCLS-II) and Advanced Photon Source Upgrade (APS-U) is
becoming more challenging due to the fast-growing data generation rate. The
rapid analysis possible with ML methods can enable fast feedback loops that can
be used to adjust experimental setups in real-time, for example when errors
occur or interesting events are detected. However, to avoid degradation in ML
performance over time due to changes in an instrument or sample, we need a way
to update ML models rapidly while an experiment is running. We present here a
data service and model service to accelerate deep neural network training with
a focus on ML-based scientific applications. Our proposed data service achieves
100x speedup in terms of data labeling compare to the current state-of-the-art.
Further, our model service achieves up to 200x improvement in training speed.
Overall, fairDMS achieves up to 92x speedup in terms of end-to-end model
updating time.

### Title: MultiPathGAN: Structure Preserving Stain Normalization using Unsupervised Multi-domain Adversarial Network with Perception Loss
* Paper ID: 2204.09782v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09782v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09782v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Histopathology relies on the analysis of microscopic tissue images to
diagnose disease. A crucial part of tissue preparation is staining whereby a
dye is used to make the salient tissue components more distinguishable.
However, differences in laboratory protocols and scanning devices result in
significant confounding appearance variation in the corresponding images. This
variation increases both human error and the inter-rater variability, as well
as hinders the performance of automatic or semi-automatic methods. In the
present paper we introduce an unsupervised adversarial network to translate
(and hence normalize) whole slide images across multiple data acquisition
domains. Our key contributions are: (i) an adversarial architecture which
learns across multiple domains with a single generator-discriminator network
using an information flow branch which optimizes for perceptual loss, and (ii)
the inclusion of an additional feature extraction network during training which
guides the transformation network to keep all the structural features in the
tissue image intact. We: (i) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed
method firstly on H\&E slides of 120 cases of kidney cancer, as well as (ii)
show the benefits of the approach on more general problems, such as flexible
illumination based natural image enhancement and light source adaptation.

### Title: Multi-Scale Features and Parallel Transformers Based Image Quality Assessment
* Paper ID: 2204.09779v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09779v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09779v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/komalpal9610/iqa](https://github.com/komalpal9610/iqa)
* Summary: With the increase in multimedia content, the type of distortions associated
with multimedia is also increasing. This problem of image quality assessment is
expanded well in the PIPAL dataset, which is still an open problem to solve for
researchers. Although, recently proposed transformers networks have already
been used in the literature for image quality assessment. At the same time, we
notice that multi-scale feature extraction has proven to be a promising
approach for image quality assessment. However, the way transformer networks
are used for image quality assessment until now lacks these properties of
multi-scale feature extraction. We utilized this fact in our approach and
proposed a new architecture by integrating these two promising quality
assessment techniques of images. Our experimentation on various datasets,
including the PIPAL dataset, demonstrates that the proposed integration
technique outperforms existing algorithms. The source code of the proposed
algorithm is available online: https://github.com/KomalPal9610/IQA

### Title: Time-based Self-supervised Learning for Wireless Capsule Endoscopy
* Paper ID: 2204.09773v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09773v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09773v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: State-of-the-art machine learning models, and especially deep learning ones,
are significantly data-hungry; they require vast amounts of manually labeled
samples to function correctly. However, in most medical imaging fields,
obtaining said data can be challenging. Not only the volume of data is a
problem, but also the imbalances within its classes; it is common to have many
more images of healthy patients than of those with pathology. Computer-aided
diagnostic systems suffer from these issues, usually over-designing their
models to perform accurately. This work proposes using self-supervised learning
for wireless endoscopy videos by introducing a custom-tailored method that does
not initially need labels or appropriate balance. We prove that using the
inferred inherent structure learned by our method, extracted from the temporal
axis, improves the detection rate on several domain-specific applications even
under severe imbalance.

### Title: Federated Learning for Energy-limited Wireless Networks: A Partial Model Aggregation Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.09746v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09746v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09746v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The limited communication resources, e.g., bandwidth and energy, and data
heterogeneity across devices are two of the main bottlenecks for federated
learning (FL). To tackle these challenges, we first devise a novel FL framework
with partial model aggregation (PMA), which only aggregates the lower layers of
neural networks responsible for feature extraction while the upper layers
corresponding to complex pattern recognition remain at devices for
personalization. The proposed PMA-FL is able to address the data heterogeneity
and reduce the transmitted information in wireless channels. We then obtain a
convergence bound of the framework under a non-convex loss function setting.
With the aid of this bound, we define a new objective function, named the
scheduled data sample volume, to transfer the original inexplicit optimization
problem into a tractable one for device scheduling, bandwidth allocation,
computation and communication time division. Our analysis reveals that the
optimal time division is achieved when the communication and computation parts
of PMA-FL have the same power. We also develop a bisection method to solve the
optimal bandwidth allocation policy and use the set expansion algorithm to
address the optimal device scheduling. Compared with the state-of-the-art
benchmarks, the proposed PMA-FL improves 2.72% and 11.6% accuracy on two
typical heterogeneous datasets, i.e., MINIST and CIFAR-10, respectively. In
addition, the proposed joint dynamic device scheduling and resource
optimization approach achieve slightly higher accuracy than the considered
benchmarks, but they provide a satisfactory energy and time reduction: 29%
energy or 20% time reduction on the MNIST; and 25% energy or 12.5% time
reduction on the CIFAR-10.

### Title: ColorCode: A Bayesian Approach to Augmentative and Alternative Communication with Two Buttons
* Paper ID: 2204.09745v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09745v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09745v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Many people with severely limited muscle control can only communicate through
augmentative and alternative communication (AAC) systems with a small number of
buttons. In this paper, we present the design for ColorCode, which is an AAC
system with two buttons that uses Bayesian inference to determine what the user
wishes to communicate. Our information-theoretic analysis of ColorCode
simulations shows that it is efficient in extracting information from the user,
even in the presence of errors, achieving nearly optimal error correction.
ColorCode is provided as open source software
(https://github.com/mrdaly/ColorCode).

### Title: Pseudorapidity dependence of the $p_T$ spectra of charged hadrons in $pp$ collisions at $\sqrt{s}$ = 0.9 and 2.36 TeV
* Paper ID: 2204.09721v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09721v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09721v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We report the predictions of different Monte Carlo event generators including
HIJING, Pythia, and QGSJETII in comparison with the experimental data measured
by the CMS Collaboration at CERN in proton-proton ($pp$) collisions at
center-of-mass energy $\sqrt{s}$ = 0.9 and 2.36 TeV. The CMS experimental
transverse momentum ($p_T$ or $p_{\perp}$) spectra of charged hadrons were
measured for pseudorapidity range 0 $\le$ $\eta$ $\le$ 2.4 with bin width of
$\eta$ = 0.2 (for $p_T$ from 0.1 to 2 GeV/$c$) and a single bin of $\eta$ for
$\lvert$$\eta$$\rvert$ $<$ 2.4 (for $p_T$ from 0.1 to 4 GeV/$c$). Pythia
reproduced the $p_T$ spectra with reasonable agreement for most of the $p_T$
range. It depicts better results in the case of the $|\eta|<$ 2.4 than HIJING
and QGSJETII which could reproduce the spectra in a limited $p_T$ range.
Furthermore, to analyze the $p_T$ spectra of charged hadrons measured by the
CMS Collaboration, we used a three component function (structured from the
Boltzmann distribution) and the $q$-dual function (from the $q$-dual
statistics) to extract parameter values relevant for the study of bulk
properties of hadronic matter at high energy. We have also applied the two
analytic functions over the model predictions. The values extracted by the
functions from the HIJING and Pythia models are closer to the experimental data
than the QGSJETII model. Although the models could reproduce the $p_T$ spectra
of all charged particles in some of the $p_T$ range but none of them could
reproduce the distributions over the entire $p_T$ range and in all the
pseudorapidity regions.

### Title: Ab initio guided minimal model for the "Kitaev" material BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$: Importance of direct hopping, third-neighbor exchange and quantum fluctuations
* Paper ID: 2204.09695v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09695v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09695v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a simple three-parameter exchange model to describe the
interactions of the lowest doublet of the honeycomb cobaltate
BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$, which has been proposed as a possible candidate for
Kitaev physics. Remarkably, it is the third-neighbor interactions, both
isotropic and anisotropic, that are responsible for the unique ground state of
BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$, stabilized by quantum fluctuations. By considering two
{\it ab initio}-based complementary approaches, we analyze the electronic
structure of BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$ and extract effective spin models that
justify the minimal model. Both methods show that the dominant direct hopping
makes the bond-dependent Kitaev term negligible moving the material away from
the sought-after spin-liquid regime. Moreover, a significantly large
third-nearest neighbor hopping supports the observed importance of the
third-neighbor interactions in the stabilization of the standout double-zigzag
ground state of BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$.

### Title: Partons as unique ground states of quantum Hall parent Hamiltonians: The case of Fibonacci anyons
* Paper ID: 2204.09684v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09684v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09684v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present microscopic, multiple Landau level, (frustration-free and positive
semi-definite) parent Hamiltonians whose ground states, realizing different
quantum Hall fluids, are parton-like and whose excitations display either
Abelian or non-Abelian braiding statistics. We prove ground state energy
monotonicity theorems for systems with different particle numbers, demonstrate
S-duality in the case of toroidal geometry and establish an exact zero-energy
mode counting. The emergent Entangled Pauli Principle, introduced in Phys. Rev.
B 98, 161118(R) (2018) and which defines the "DNA" of the quantum Hall fluid,
is behind the exact determination of the topological characteristics of the
fluid, including charge and braiding statistics of excitations, and effective
edge theory descriptions. When the closed-shell condition is satisfied, the
densest (i.e., the highest density and lowest total angular momentum)
zero-energy mode is a unique parton state. As a corollary, it follows that the
Moore-Read Pfaffian and Read-Rezayi states (both of which may be expressed as
linear combinations of parton-like states) cannot be densest ground states of
two-body parent Hamiltonians. We conjecture, based on the algebra of
polynomials in holomormorphic and anti-holomorphic complex variables, that
parton-like states span the subspace of many-body wave functions with the
two-body $M$-clustering property, that is, wave functions with $M$th-order
coincidence plane zeroes. We illustrate our framework by presenting a parent
Hamiltonian whose excitations are rigorously proven to be Fibonacci anyons and
show how to extract the DNA of the fluid whose entanglement pattern manifests
in the form of a matrix product state.

### Title: Extraction of Unaliased High-Frequency Micro-Doppler Signature using FMCW radar
* Paper ID: 2204.09621v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Micro-Doppler signature is a potent feature that has been used for target
identification and micro-motion parameter estimation. The extraction of high
frequency micro-Doppler signature from frequency modulated continuous wave
(FMCW) radar along with the target range and velocity is the problem considered
in this article. The severe aliasing of the high micro-Doppler frequency spread
is circumvented by the fast time processing in the proposed method. The use of
range-Doppler (RD) filtering and empirical mode decomposition (EMD) enables
effective out-of-band and in-band noise suppression. Simulation studies and
experimental results present the effectiveness of the proposed approach.

### Title: Assembly Planning from Observations under Physical Constraints
* Paper ID: 2204.09616v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper addresses the problem of copying an unknown assembly of primitives
with known shape and appearance using information extracted from a single
photograph by an off-the-shelf procedure for object detection and pose
estimation. The proposed algorithm uses a simple combination of physical
stability constraints, convex optimization and Monte Carlo tree search to plan
assemblies as sequences of pick-and-place operations represented by STRIPS
operators. It is efficient and, most importantly, robust to the errors in
object detection and pose estimation unavoidable in any real robotic system.
The proposed approach is demonstrated with thorough experiments on a UR5
manipulator.

### Title: Geometric picture for SLOCC classification of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states
* Paper ID: 2204.09586v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We show that the pure entangled three-qubit symmetric states which are
inequivalent under stochastic local operations and classcial communication
(SLOCC) exhibit distinct geometric representation in terms of a spheroid
inscribed within the Bloch sphere. We provide detailed analysis of the SLOCC
canonical forms of the reduced two-qubit states extracted from entangled
three-qubit pure symmetric states. Based on the Lorentz canonical forms of
these states we arrive at two different geometrical representations: (i) a
prolate spheroid centered at the origin of the Bloch sphere -- with longest
semiaxis along the z-direction (symmetry axis of the spheroid) equal to 1 -- in
the case of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states constructed from 3
distinct spinors and (ii) a spheroid centered at (0,0,1/2) inside the Bloch
sphere, with fixed semiaxes lengths (1/sqrt{2}, 1/sqrt{2}, 1/2) when the
three-qubit pure state is constructed via symmetrization of 2 distinct spinors.

### Title: A Survey on Neural Abstractive Summarization Methods and Factual Consistency of Summarization
* Paper ID: 2204.09519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Automatic summarization is the process of shortening a set of textual data
computationally, to create a subset (a summary) that represents the most
important pieces of information in the original text. Existing summarization
methods can be roughly divided into two types: extractive and abstractive. An
extractive summarizer explicitly selects text snippets (words, phrases,
sentences, etc.) from the source document, while an abstractive summarizer
generates novel text snippets to convey the most salient concepts prevalent in
the source.

### Title: From Laser Speckle to Particle Size Distribution in drying powders: A Physics-Enhanced AutoCorrelation-based Estimator (PEACE)
* Paper ID: 2204.09516v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Extracting quantitative information about highly scattering surfaces from an
imaging system is challenging because the phase of the scattered light
undergoes multiple folds upon propagation, resulting in complex speckle
patterns. One specific application is the drying of wet powders in the
pharmaceutical industry, where quantifying the particle size distribution (PSD)
is of particular interest. A non-invasive and real-time monitoring probe in the
drying process is required, but there is no suitable candidate for this
purpose. In this report, we develop a theoretical relationship from the PSD to
the speckle image and describe a physics-enhanced autocorrelation-based
estimator (PEACE) machine learning algorithm for speckle analysis to measure
the PSD of a powder surface. This method solves both the forward and inverse
problems together and enjoys increased interpretability, since the machine
learning approximator is regularized by the physical law.

### Title: Per-run Algorithm Selection with Warm-starting using Trajectory-based Features
* Paper ID: 2204.09483v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Per-instance algorithm selection seeks to recommend, for a given problem
instance and a given performance criterion, one or several suitable algorithms
that are expected to perform well for the particular setting. The selection is
classically done offline, using openly available information about the problem
instance or features that are extracted from the instance during a dedicated
feature extraction step. This ignores valuable information that the algorithms
accumulate during the optimization process.
  In this work, we propose an alternative, online algorithm selection scheme
which we coin per-run algorithm selection. In our approach, we start the
optimization with a default algorithm, and, after a certain number of
iterations, extract instance features from the observed trajectory of this
initial optimizer to determine whether to switch to another optimizer. We test
this approach using the CMA-ES as the default solver, and a portfolio of six
different optimizers as potential algorithms to switch to. In contrast to other
recent work on online per-run algorithm selection, we warm-start the second
optimizer using information accumulated during the first optimization phase. We
show that our approach outperforms static per-instance algorithm selection. We
also compare two different feature extraction principles, based on exploratory
landscape analysis and time series analysis of the internal state variables of
the CMA-ES, respectively. We show that a combination of both feature sets
provides the most accurate recommendations for our test cases, taken from the
BBOB function suite from the COCO platform and the YABBOB suite from the
Nevergrad platform.

### Title: Hephaestus: A large scale multitask dataset towards InSAR understanding
* Paper ID: 2204.09435v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus](https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus)
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data and Interferometric SAR (InSAR) products
in particular, are one of the largest sources of Earth Observation data. InSAR
provides unique information on diverse geophysical processes and geology, and
on the geotechnical properties of man-made structures. However, there are only
a limited number of applications that exploit the abundance of InSAR data and
deep learning methods to extract such knowledge. The main barrier has been the
lack of a large curated and annotated InSAR dataset, which would be costly to
create and would require an interdisciplinary team of experts experienced on
InSAR data interpretation. In this work, we put the effort to create and make
available the first of its kind, manually annotated dataset that consists of
19,919 individual Sentinel-1 interferograms acquired over 44 different
volcanoes globally, which are split into 216,106 InSAR patches. The annotated
dataset is designed to address different computer vision problems, including
volcano state classification, semantic segmentation of ground deformation,
detection and classification of atmospheric signals in InSAR imagery,
interferogram captioning, text to InSAR generation, and InSAR image quality
assessment.

### Title: FenceNet: Fine-grained Footwork Recognition in Fencing
* Paper ID: 2204.09434v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Current data analysis for the Canadian Olympic fencing team is primarily done
manually by coaches and analysts. Due to the highly repetitive, yet dynamic and
subtle movements in fencing, manual data analysis can be inefficient and
inaccurate. We propose FenceNet as a novel architecture to automate the
classification of fine-grained footwork techniques in fencing. FenceNet takes
2D pose data as input and classifies actions using a skeleton-based action
recognition approach that incorporates temporal convolutional networks to
capture temporal information. We train and evaluate FenceNet on the Fencing
Footwork Dataset (FFD), which contains 10 fencers performing 6 different
footwork actions for 10-11 repetitions each (652 total videos). FenceNet
achieves 85.4% accuracy under 10-fold cross-validation, where each fencer is
left out as the test set. This accuracy is within 1% of the current
state-of-the-art method, JLJA (86.3%), which selects and fuses features
engineered from skeleton data, depth videos, and inertial measurement units.
BiFenceNet, a variant of FenceNet that captures the "bidirectionality" of human
movement through two separate networks, achieves 87.6% accuracy, outperforming
JLJA. Since neither FenceNet nor BiFenceNet requires data from wearable
sensors, unlike JLJA, they could be directly applied to most fencing videos,
using 2D pose data as input extracted from off-the-shelf 2D human pose
estimators. In comparison to JLJA, our methods are also simpler as they do not
require manual feature engineering, selection, or fusion.

### Title: PP-Matting: High-Accuracy Natural Image Matting
* Paper ID: 2204.09433v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg)
* Summary: Natural image matting is a fundamental and challenging computer vision task.
It has many applications in image editing and composition. Recently, deep
learning-based approaches have achieved great improvements in image matting.
However, most of them require a user-supplied trimap as an auxiliary input,
which limits the matting applications in the real world. Although some
trimap-free approaches have been proposed, the matting quality is still
unsatisfactory compared to trimap-based ones. Without the trimap guidance, the
matting models suffer from foreground-background ambiguity easily, and also
generate blurry details in the transition area. In this work, we propose
PP-Matting, a trimap-free architecture that can achieve high-accuracy natural
image matting. Our method applies a high-resolution detail branch (HRDB) that
extracts fine-grained details of the foreground with keeping feature resolution
unchanged. Also, we propose a semantic context branch (SCB) that adopts a
semantic segmentation subtask. It prevents the detail prediction from local
ambiguity caused by semantic context missing. In addition, we conduct extensive
experiments on two well-known benchmarks: Composition-1k and Distinctions-646.
The results demonstrate the superiority of PP-Matting over previous methods.
Furthermore, we provide a qualitative evaluation of our method on human matting
which shows its outstanding performance in the practical application. The code
and pre-trained models will be available at PaddleSeg:
https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg.

### Title: GRB 210121A: Observation of photospheric emissions from different regimes and the evolution of the outflow
* Paper ID: 2204.09430v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: GRB 210121A was observed by Insight-HXMT, Gravitational wave high-energy
Electromagnetic Counterpart All-sky Monitor (GECAM), Fermi Gamma-ray Burst
Monitor (Fermi/GBM) on Jan 21st 2021. In this work, photospheric emission from
a structured jet is preferred to interpret the prompt emission phase of GRB
210121A and emissions from different regimes are observed on-axis.
Particularly, the emission from the intermediate photosphere is first observed
in the first 1.3 s of the prompt emission, while those from the other part are
dominant by the saturated regime, and offers an alternative explanation
compared with the previous work. Moreover, the emissions with considering the
intermediate photosphere can well interpret the changes on low-energy photon
index $\alpha$ during the pulses. Besides, the evolution of the outflow is
extracted from time-resolved analysis, and a correlation of $\Gamma_0 \propto
L^{0.24\pm0.04}_0$ is obtained, which implies that the jet may be mainly
launched by neutrino annihilation in a hyper-accretion disk.

### Title: You Are What You Write: Preserving Privacy in the Era of Large Language Models
* Paper ID: 2204.09391v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Large scale adoption of large language models has introduced a new era of
convenient knowledge transfer for a slew of natural language processing tasks.
However, these models also run the risk of undermining user trust by exposing
unwanted information about the data subjects, which may be extracted by a
malicious party, e.g. through adversarial attacks. We present an empirical
investigation into the extent of the personal information encoded into
pre-trained representations by a range of popular models, and we show a
positive correlation between the complexity of a model, the amount of data used
in pre-training, and data leakage. In this paper, we present the first wide
coverage evaluation and comparison of some of the most popular
privacy-preserving algorithms, on a large, multi-lingual dataset on sentiment
analysis annotated with demographic information (location, age and gender). The
results show since larger and more complex models are more prone to leaking
private information, use of privacy-preserving methods is highly desirable. We
also find that highly privacy-preserving technologies like differential privacy
(DP) can have serious model utility effects, which can be ameliorated using
hybrid or metric-DP techniques.

### Title: Profiling and Evolution of Intellectual Property
* Paper ID: 2204.09333v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In recent years, with the rapid growth of Internet data, the number and types
of scientific and technological resources are also rapidly expanding. However,
the increase in the number and category of information data will also increase
the cost of information acquisition. For technology-based enterprises or users,
in addition to general papers, patents, etc., policies related to technology or
the development of their industries should also belong to a type of scientific
and technological resources. The cost and difficulty of acquiring users.
Extracting valuable science and technology policy resources from a huge amount
of data with mixed contents and providing accurate and fast retrieval will help
to break down information barriers and reduce the cost of information
acquisition, which has profound social significance and social utility. This
article focuses on the difficulties and problems in the field of science and
technology policy, and introduces related technologies and developments.

### Title: Where is Your App Frustrating Users?
* Paper ID: 2204.09310v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: User reviews of mobile apps provide a communication channel for developers to
perceive user satisfaction. Many app features that users have problems with are
usually expressed by key phrases such as "upload pictures", which could be
buried in the review texts. The lack of fine-grained view about problematic
features could obscure the developers' understanding of where the app is
frustrating users, and postpone the improvement of the apps. Existing
pattern-based approaches to extract target phrases suffer from low accuracy due
to insufficient semantic understanding of the reviews, thus can only summarize
the high-level topics/aspects of the reviews. This paper proposes a
semantic-aware, fine-grained app review analysis approach (SIRA) to extract,
cluster, and visualize the problematic features of apps. The main component of
SIRA is a novel BERT+Attr-CRF model for fine-grained problematic feature
extraction, which combines textual descriptions and review attributes to better
model the semantics of reviews and boost the performance of the traditional
BERT-CRF model. SIRA also clusters the extracted phrases based on their
semantic relations and presents a visualization of the summaries. Our
evaluation on 3,426 reviews from six apps confirms the effectiveness of SIRA in
problematic feature extraction and clustering. We further conduct an empirical
study with SIRA on 318,534 reviews of 18 popular apps to explore its potential
application and examine its usefulness in real-world practice.

### Title: Dynamic Free-Space Roadmap for Safe Quadrotor Motion Planning
* Paper ID: 2204.09265v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Free-space-oriented roadmaps typically generate a series of convex geometric
primitives, which constitute the safe region for motion planning. However, a
static environment is assumed for this kind of roadmap. This assumption makes
it unable to deal with dynamic obstacles and limits its applications. In this
paper, we present a dynamic free-space roadmap, which provides feasible spaces
and a navigation graph for safe quadrotor motion planning. Our roadmap is
constructed by continuously seeding and extracting free regions in the
environment. In order to adapt our map to environments with dynamic obstacles,
we incrementally decompose the polyhedra intersecting with obstacles into
obstacle-free regions, while the graph is also updated by our well-designed
mechanism. Extensive simulations and real-world experiments demonstrate that
our method is practically applicable and efficient.

### Title: Spectroscopy of light baryons with strangeness -1, -2, and -3
* Paper ID: 2204.09257v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The present article contains the descriptive study of light strange baryons
$\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$. The Regge phenomenology with linear
Regge trajectories has been employed and the relations between Regge slopes,
intercepts, and baryon masses have been extracted. With the aid of these
relations, ground state masses are obtained for $\Xi$ and $\Omega$ baryons.
Regge parameters have also been estimated to calculate the excited state masses
for $\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$ baryons in both the $(J,M^{2})$
and $(n,M^{2})$ planes. The obtained results are compared with available
experimental data and various theoretical approaches. We predict the
spin-parity of recently observed light baryons and our predictions may be
useful in future experimental searches of these baryons and their $J^{P}$
assignments.

### Title: Dark Spot Detection from SAR Images Based on Superpixel Deeper Graph Convolutional Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09230v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is the main instrument utilized for the
detection of oil slicks on the ocean surface. In SAR images, some areas
affected by ocean phenomena, such as rain cells, upwellings, and internal
waves, or discharge from oil spills appear as dark spots on images. Dark spot
detection is the first step in the detection of oil spills, which then become
oil slick candidates. The accuracy of dark spot segmentation ultimately affects
the accuracy of oil slick identification. Although some advanced deep learning
methods that use pixels as processing units perform well in remote sensing
image semantic segmentation, detecting some dark spots with weak boundaries
from noisy SAR images remains a huge challenge. We propose a dark spot
detection method based on superpixels deeper graph convolutional networks
(SGDCN) in this paper, which takes the superpixels as the processing units and
extracts features for each superpixel. The features calculated from superpixel
regions are more robust than those from fixed pixel neighborhoods. To reduce
the difficulty of learning tasks, we discard irrelevant features and obtain an
optimal subset of features. After superpixel segmentation, the images are
transformed into graphs with superpixels as nodes, which are fed into the
deeper graph convolutional neural network for node classification. This graph
neural network uses a differentiable aggregation function to aggregate the
features of nodes and neighbors to form more advanced features. It is the first
time using it for dark spot detection. To validate our method, we mark all dark
spots on six SAR images covering the Baltic Sea and construct a dark spots
detection dataset, which has been made publicly available
(https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12UavrntkDSPrItISQ8iGefXn2gIZHxJ6?usp=sharing).
The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed SGDCN is robust and
effective.

### Title: Efficient Progressive High Dynamic Range Image Restoration via Attention and Alignment Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09213v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: HDR is an important part of computational photography technology. In this
paper, we propose a lightweight neural network called Efficient
Attention-and-alignment-guided Progressive Network (EAPNet) for the challenge
NTIRE 2022 HDR Track 1 and Track 2. We introduce a multi-dimensional
lightweight encoding module to extract features. Besides, we propose
Progressive Dilated U-shape Block (PDUB) that can be a progressive
plug-and-play module for dynamically tuning MAccs and PSNR. Finally, we use
fast and low-power feature-align module to deal with misalignment problem in
place of the time-consuming Deformable Convolutional Network (DCN). The
experiments show that our method achieves about 20 times compression on MAccs
with better mu-PSNR and PSNR compared to the state-of-the-art method. We got
the second place of both two tracks during the testing phase. Figure1. shows
the visualized result of NTIRE 2022 HDR challenge.

### Title: fairDMS: Rapid Model Training by Data and Model Reuse
* Paper ID: 2204.09805v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09805v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09805v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Extracting actionable information from data sources such as the Linac
Coherent Light Source (LCLS-II) and Advanced Photon Source Upgrade (APS-U) is
becoming more challenging due to the fast-growing data generation rate. The
rapid analysis possible with ML methods can enable fast feedback loops that can
be used to adjust experimental setups in real-time, for example when errors
occur or interesting events are detected. However, to avoid degradation in ML
performance over time due to changes in an instrument or sample, we need a way
to update ML models rapidly while an experiment is running. We present here a
data service and model service to accelerate deep neural network training with
a focus on ML-based scientific applications. Our proposed data service achieves
100x speedup in terms of data labeling compare to the current state-of-the-art.
Further, our model service achieves up to 200x improvement in training speed.
Overall, fairDMS achieves up to 92x speedup in terms of end-to-end model
updating time.

### Title: MultiPathGAN: Structure Preserving Stain Normalization using Unsupervised Multi-domain Adversarial Network with Perception Loss
* Paper ID: 2204.09782v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09782v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09782v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/mlandcv/MultiPathGAN](https://github.com/mlandcv/MultiPathGAN)
* Summary: Histopathology relies on the analysis of microscopic tissue images to
diagnose disease. A crucial part of tissue preparation is staining whereby a
dye is used to make the salient tissue components more distinguishable.
However, differences in laboratory protocols and scanning devices result in
significant confounding appearance variation in the corresponding images. This
variation increases both human error and the inter-rater variability, as well
as hinders the performance of automatic or semi-automatic methods. In the
present paper we introduce an unsupervised adversarial network to translate
(and hence normalize) whole slide images across multiple data acquisition
domains. Our key contributions are: (i) an adversarial architecture which
learns across multiple domains with a single generator-discriminator network
using an information flow branch which optimizes for perceptual loss, and (ii)
the inclusion of an additional feature extraction network during training which
guides the transformation network to keep all the structural features in the
tissue image intact. We: (i) demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed
method firstly on H\&E slides of 120 cases of kidney cancer, as well as (ii)
show the benefits of the approach on more general problems, such as flexible
illumination based natural image enhancement and light source adaptation.

### Title: Multi-Scale Features and Parallel Transformers Based Image Quality Assessment
* Paper ID: 2204.09779v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09779v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09779v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/komalpal9610/iqa](https://github.com/komalpal9610/iqa)
* Summary: With the increase in multimedia content, the type of distortions associated
with multimedia is also increasing. This problem of image quality assessment is
expanded well in the PIPAL dataset, which is still an open problem to solve for
researchers. Although, recently proposed transformers networks have already
been used in the literature for image quality assessment. At the same time, we
notice that multi-scale feature extraction has proven to be a promising
approach for image quality assessment. However, the way transformer networks
are used for image quality assessment until now lacks these properties of
multi-scale feature extraction. We utilized this fact in our approach and
proposed a new architecture by integrating these two promising quality
assessment techniques of images. Our experimentation on various datasets,
including the PIPAL dataset, demonstrates that the proposed integration
technique outperforms existing algorithms. The source code of the proposed
algorithm is available online: https://github.com/KomalPal9610/IQA

### Title: Time-based Self-supervised Learning for Wireless Capsule Endoscopy
* Paper ID: 2204.09773v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09773v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09773v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: State-of-the-art machine learning models, and especially deep learning ones,
are significantly data-hungry; they require vast amounts of manually labeled
samples to function correctly. However, in most medical imaging fields,
obtaining said data can be challenging. Not only the volume of data is a
problem, but also the imbalances within its classes; it is common to have many
more images of healthy patients than of those with pathology. Computer-aided
diagnostic systems suffer from these issues, usually over-designing their
models to perform accurately. This work proposes using self-supervised learning
for wireless endoscopy videos by introducing a custom-tailored method that does
not initially need labels or appropriate balance. We prove that using the
inferred inherent structure learned by our method, extracted from the temporal
axis, improves the detection rate on several domain-specific applications even
under severe imbalance.

### Title: Federated Learning for Energy-limited Wireless Networks: A Partial Model Aggregation Approach
* Paper ID: 2204.09746v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09746v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09746v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The limited communication resources, e.g., bandwidth and energy, and data
heterogeneity across devices are two of the main bottlenecks for federated
learning (FL). To tackle these challenges, we first devise a novel FL framework
with partial model aggregation (PMA), which only aggregates the lower layers of
neural networks responsible for feature extraction while the upper layers
corresponding to complex pattern recognition remain at devices for
personalization. The proposed PMA-FL is able to address the data heterogeneity
and reduce the transmitted information in wireless channels. We then obtain a
convergence bound of the framework under a non-convex loss function setting.
With the aid of this bound, we define a new objective function, named the
scheduled data sample volume, to transfer the original inexplicit optimization
problem into a tractable one for device scheduling, bandwidth allocation,
computation and communication time division. Our analysis reveals that the
optimal time division is achieved when the communication and computation parts
of PMA-FL have the same power. We also develop a bisection method to solve the
optimal bandwidth allocation policy and use the set expansion algorithm to
address the optimal device scheduling. Compared with the state-of-the-art
benchmarks, the proposed PMA-FL improves 2.72% and 11.6% accuracy on two
typical heterogeneous datasets, i.e., MINIST and CIFAR-10, respectively. In
addition, the proposed joint dynamic device scheduling and resource
optimization approach achieve slightly higher accuracy than the considered
benchmarks, but they provide a satisfactory energy and time reduction: 29%
energy or 20% time reduction on the MNIST; and 25% energy or 12.5% time
reduction on the CIFAR-10.

### Title: ColorCode: A Bayesian Approach to Augmentative and Alternative Communication with Two Buttons
* Paper ID: 2204.09745v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09745v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09745v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/mrdaly/colorcode](https://github.com/mrdaly/colorcode)
* Summary: Many people with severely limited muscle control can only communicate through
augmentative and alternative communication (AAC) systems with a small number of
buttons. In this paper, we present the design for ColorCode, which is an AAC
system with two buttons that uses Bayesian inference to determine what the user
wishes to communicate. Our information-theoretic analysis of ColorCode
simulations shows that it is efficient in extracting information from the user,
even in the presence of errors, achieving nearly optimal error correction.
ColorCode is provided as open source software
(https://github.com/mrdaly/ColorCode).

### Title: Pseudorapidity dependence of the $p_T$ spectra of charged hadrons in $pp$ collisions at $\sqrt{s}$ = 0.9 and 2.36 TeV
* Paper ID: 2204.09721v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09721v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09721v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We report the predictions of different Monte Carlo event generators including
HIJING, Pythia, and QGSJETII in comparison with the experimental data measured
by the CMS Collaboration at CERN in proton-proton ($pp$) collisions at
center-of-mass energy $\sqrt{s}$ = 0.9 and 2.36 TeV. The CMS experimental
transverse momentum ($p_T$ or $p_{\perp}$) spectra of charged hadrons were
measured for pseudorapidity range 0 $\le$ $\eta$ $\le$ 2.4 with bin width of
$\eta$ = 0.2 (for $p_T$ from 0.1 to 2 GeV/$c$) and a single bin of $\eta$ for
$\lvert$$\eta$$\rvert$ $<$ 2.4 (for $p_T$ from 0.1 to 4 GeV/$c$). Pythia
reproduced the $p_T$ spectra with reasonable agreement for most of the $p_T$
range. It depicts better results in the case of the $|\eta|<$ 2.4 than HIJING
and QGSJETII which could reproduce the spectra in a limited $p_T$ range.
Furthermore, to analyze the $p_T$ spectra of charged hadrons measured by the
CMS Collaboration, we used a three component function (structured from the
Boltzmann distribution) and the $q$-dual function (from the $q$-dual
statistics) to extract parameter values relevant for the study of bulk
properties of hadronic matter at high energy. We have also applied the two
analytic functions over the model predictions. The values extracted by the
functions from the HIJING and Pythia models are closer to the experimental data
than the QGSJETII model. Although the models could reproduce the $p_T$ spectra
of all charged particles in some of the $p_T$ range but none of them could
reproduce the distributions over the entire $p_T$ range and in all the
pseudorapidity regions.

### Title: Ab initio guided minimal model for the "Kitaev" material BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$: Importance of direct hopping, third-neighbor exchange and quantum fluctuations
* Paper ID: 2204.09695v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09695v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09695v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present a simple three-parameter exchange model to describe the
interactions of the lowest doublet of the honeycomb cobaltate
BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$, which has been proposed as a possible candidate for
Kitaev physics. Remarkably, it is the third-neighbor interactions, both
isotropic and anisotropic, that are responsible for the unique ground state of
BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$, stabilized by quantum fluctuations. By considering two
{\it ab initio}-based complementary approaches, we analyze the electronic
structure of BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$ and extract effective spin models that
justify the minimal model. Both methods show that the dominant direct hopping
makes the bond-dependent Kitaev term negligible moving the material away from
the sought-after spin-liquid regime. Moreover, a significantly large
third-nearest neighbor hopping supports the observed importance of the
third-neighbor interactions in the stabilization of the standout double-zigzag
ground state of BaCo$_2$(AsO$_4$)$_2$.

### Title: Partons as unique ground states of quantum Hall parent Hamiltonians: The case of Fibonacci anyons
* Paper ID: 2204.09684v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09684v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09684v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We present microscopic, multiple Landau level, (frustration-free and positive
semi-definite) parent Hamiltonians whose ground states, realizing different
quantum Hall fluids, are parton-like and whose excitations display either
Abelian or non-Abelian braiding statistics. We prove ground state energy
monotonicity theorems for systems with different particle numbers, demonstrate
S-duality in the case of toroidal geometry and establish an exact zero-energy
mode counting. The emergent Entangled Pauli Principle, introduced in Phys. Rev.
B 98, 161118(R) (2018) and which defines the "DNA" of the quantum Hall fluid,
is behind the exact determination of the topological characteristics of the
fluid, including charge and braiding statistics of excitations, and effective
edge theory descriptions. When the closed-shell condition is satisfied, the
densest (i.e., the highest density and lowest total angular momentum)
zero-energy mode is a unique parton state. As a corollary, it follows that the
Moore-Read Pfaffian and Read-Rezayi states (both of which may be expressed as
linear combinations of parton-like states) cannot be densest ground states of
two-body parent Hamiltonians. We conjecture, based on the algebra of
polynomials in holomormorphic and anti-holomorphic complex variables, that
parton-like states span the subspace of many-body wave functions with the
two-body $M$-clustering property, that is, wave functions with $M$th-order
coincidence plane zeroes. We illustrate our framework by presenting a parent
Hamiltonian whose excitations are rigorously proven to be Fibonacci anyons and
show how to extract the DNA of the fluid whose entanglement pattern manifests
in the form of a matrix product state.

### Title: Extraction of Unaliased High-Frequency Micro-Doppler Signature using FMCW radar
* Paper ID: 2204.09621v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09621v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Micro-Doppler signature is a potent feature that has been used for target
identification and micro-motion parameter estimation. The extraction of high
frequency micro-Doppler signature from frequency modulated continuous wave
(FMCW) radar along with the target range and velocity is the problem considered
in this article. The severe aliasing of the high micro-Doppler frequency spread
is circumvented by the fast time processing in the proposed method. The use of
range-Doppler (RD) filtering and empirical mode decomposition (EMD) enables
effective out-of-band and in-band noise suppression. Simulation studies and
experimental results present the effectiveness of the proposed approach.

### Title: Assembly Planning from Observations under Physical Constraints
* Paper ID: 2204.09616v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09616v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper addresses the problem of copying an unknown assembly of primitives
with known shape and appearance using information extracted from a single
photograph by an off-the-shelf procedure for object detection and pose
estimation. The proposed algorithm uses a simple combination of physical
stability constraints, convex optimization and Monte Carlo tree search to plan
assemblies as sequences of pick-and-place operations represented by STRIPS
operators. It is efficient and, most importantly, robust to the errors in
object detection and pose estimation unavoidable in any real robotic system.
The proposed approach is demonstrated with thorough experiments on a UR5
manipulator.

### Title: Geometric picture for SLOCC classification of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states
* Paper ID: 2204.09586v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09586v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We show that the pure entangled three-qubit symmetric states which are
inequivalent under stochastic local operations and classcial communication
(SLOCC) exhibit distinct geometric representation in terms of a spheroid
inscribed within the Bloch sphere. We provide detailed analysis of the SLOCC
canonical forms of the reduced two-qubit states extracted from entangled
three-qubit pure symmetric states. Based on the Lorentz canonical forms of
these states we arrive at two different geometrical representations: (i) a
prolate spheroid centered at the origin of the Bloch sphere -- with longest
semiaxis along the z-direction (symmetry axis of the spheroid) equal to 1 -- in
the case of pure permutation symmetric three-qubit states constructed from 3
distinct spinors and (ii) a spheroid centered at (0,0,1/2) inside the Bloch
sphere, with fixed semiaxes lengths (1/sqrt{2}, 1/sqrt{2}, 1/2) when the
three-qubit pure state is constructed via symmetrization of 2 distinct spinors.

### Title: A Survey on Neural Abstractive Summarization Methods and Factual Consistency of Summarization
* Paper ID: 2204.09519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Automatic summarization is the process of shortening a set of textual data
computationally, to create a subset (a summary) that represents the most
important pieces of information in the original text. Existing summarization
methods can be roughly divided into two types: extractive and abstractive. An
extractive summarizer explicitly selects text snippets (words, phrases,
sentences, etc.) from the source document, while an abstractive summarizer
generates novel text snippets to convey the most salient concepts prevalent in
the source.

### Title: From Laser Speckle to Particle Size Distribution in drying powders: A Physics-Enhanced AutoCorrelation-based Estimator (PEACE)
* Paper ID: 2204.09516v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09516v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Extracting quantitative information about highly scattering surfaces from an
imaging system is challenging because the phase of the scattered light
undergoes multiple folds upon propagation, resulting in complex speckle
patterns. One specific application is the drying of wet powders in the
pharmaceutical industry, where quantifying the particle size distribution (PSD)
is of particular interest. A non-invasive and real-time monitoring probe in the
drying process is required, but there is no suitable candidate for this
purpose. In this report, we develop a theoretical relationship from the PSD to
the speckle image and describe a physics-enhanced autocorrelation-based
estimator (PEACE) machine learning algorithm for speckle analysis to measure
the PSD of a powder surface. This method solves both the forward and inverse
problems together and enjoys increased interpretability, since the machine
learning approximator is regularized by the physical law.

### Title: Per-run Algorithm Selection with Warm-starting using Trajectory-based Features
* Paper ID: 2204.09483v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09483v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Per-instance algorithm selection seeks to recommend, for a given problem
instance and a given performance criterion, one or several suitable algorithms
that are expected to perform well for the particular setting. The selection is
classically done offline, using openly available information about the problem
instance or features that are extracted from the instance during a dedicated
feature extraction step. This ignores valuable information that the algorithms
accumulate during the optimization process.
  In this work, we propose an alternative, online algorithm selection scheme
which we coin per-run algorithm selection. In our approach, we start the
optimization with a default algorithm, and, after a certain number of
iterations, extract instance features from the observed trajectory of this
initial optimizer to determine whether to switch to another optimizer. We test
this approach using the CMA-ES as the default solver, and a portfolio of six
different optimizers as potential algorithms to switch to. In contrast to other
recent work on online per-run algorithm selection, we warm-start the second
optimizer using information accumulated during the first optimization phase. We
show that our approach outperforms static per-instance algorithm selection. We
also compare two different feature extraction principles, based on exploratory
landscape analysis and time series analysis of the internal state variables of
the CMA-ES, respectively. We show that a combination of both feature sets
provides the most accurate recommendations for our test cases, taken from the
BBOB function suite from the COCO platform and the YABBOB suite from the
Nevergrad platform.

### Title: Hephaestus: A large scale multitask dataset towards InSAR understanding
* Paper ID: 2204.09435v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09435v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus](https://github.com/orion-ai-lab/hephaestus)
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data and Interferometric SAR (InSAR) products
in particular, are one of the largest sources of Earth Observation data. InSAR
provides unique information on diverse geophysical processes and geology, and
on the geotechnical properties of man-made structures. However, there are only
a limited number of applications that exploit the abundance of InSAR data and
deep learning methods to extract such knowledge. The main barrier has been the
lack of a large curated and annotated InSAR dataset, which would be costly to
create and would require an interdisciplinary team of experts experienced on
InSAR data interpretation. In this work, we put the effort to create and make
available the first of its kind, manually annotated dataset that consists of
19,919 individual Sentinel-1 interferograms acquired over 44 different
volcanoes globally, which are split into 216,106 InSAR patches. The annotated
dataset is designed to address different computer vision problems, including
volcano state classification, semantic segmentation of ground deformation,
detection and classification of atmospheric signals in InSAR imagery,
interferogram captioning, text to InSAR generation, and InSAR image quality
assessment.

### Title: FenceNet: Fine-grained Footwork Recognition in Fencing
* Paper ID: 2204.09434v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09434v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Current data analysis for the Canadian Olympic fencing team is primarily done
manually by coaches and analysts. Due to the highly repetitive, yet dynamic and
subtle movements in fencing, manual data analysis can be inefficient and
inaccurate. We propose FenceNet as a novel architecture to automate the
classification of fine-grained footwork techniques in fencing. FenceNet takes
2D pose data as input and classifies actions using a skeleton-based action
recognition approach that incorporates temporal convolutional networks to
capture temporal information. We train and evaluate FenceNet on the Fencing
Footwork Dataset (FFD), which contains 10 fencers performing 6 different
footwork actions for 10-11 repetitions each (652 total videos). FenceNet
achieves 85.4% accuracy under 10-fold cross-validation, where each fencer is
left out as the test set. This accuracy is within 1% of the current
state-of-the-art method, JLJA (86.3%), which selects and fuses features
engineered from skeleton data, depth videos, and inertial measurement units.
BiFenceNet, a variant of FenceNet that captures the "bidirectionality" of human
movement through two separate networks, achieves 87.6% accuracy, outperforming
JLJA. Since neither FenceNet nor BiFenceNet requires data from wearable
sensors, unlike JLJA, they could be directly applied to most fencing videos,
using 2D pose data as input extracted from off-the-shelf 2D human pose
estimators. In comparison to JLJA, our methods are also simpler as they do not
require manual feature engineering, selection, or fusion.

### Title: PP-Matting: High-Accuracy Natural Image Matting
* Paper ID: 2204.09433v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09433v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg)
* Summary: Natural image matting is a fundamental and challenging computer vision task.
It has many applications in image editing and composition. Recently, deep
learning-based approaches have achieved great improvements in image matting.
However, most of them require a user-supplied trimap as an auxiliary input,
which limits the matting applications in the real world. Although some
trimap-free approaches have been proposed, the matting quality is still
unsatisfactory compared to trimap-based ones. Without the trimap guidance, the
matting models suffer from foreground-background ambiguity easily, and also
generate blurry details in the transition area. In this work, we propose
PP-Matting, a trimap-free architecture that can achieve high-accuracy natural
image matting. Our method applies a high-resolution detail branch (HRDB) that
extracts fine-grained details of the foreground with keeping feature resolution
unchanged. Also, we propose a semantic context branch (SCB) that adopts a
semantic segmentation subtask. It prevents the detail prediction from local
ambiguity caused by semantic context missing. In addition, we conduct extensive
experiments on two well-known benchmarks: Composition-1k and Distinctions-646.
The results demonstrate the superiority of PP-Matting over previous methods.
Furthermore, we provide a qualitative evaluation of our method on human matting
which shows its outstanding performance in the practical application. The code
and pre-trained models will be available at PaddleSeg:
https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleSeg.

### Title: GRB 210121A: Observation of photospheric emissions from different regimes and the evolution of the outflow
* Paper ID: 2204.09430v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09430v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: GRB 210121A was observed by Insight-HXMT, Gravitational wave high-energy
Electromagnetic Counterpart All-sky Monitor (GECAM), Fermi Gamma-ray Burst
Monitor (Fermi/GBM) on Jan 21st 2021. In this work, photospheric emission from
a structured jet is preferred to interpret the prompt emission phase of GRB
210121A and emissions from different regimes are observed on-axis.
Particularly, the emission from the intermediate photosphere is first observed
in the first 1.3 s of the prompt emission, while those from the other part are
dominant by the saturated regime, and offers an alternative explanation
compared with the previous work. Moreover, the emissions with considering the
intermediate photosphere can well interpret the changes on low-energy photon
index $\alpha$ during the pulses. Besides, the evolution of the outflow is
extracted from time-resolved analysis, and a correlation of $\Gamma_0 \propto
L^{0.24\pm0.04}_0$ is obtained, which implies that the jet may be mainly
launched by neutrino annihilation in a hyper-accretion disk.

### Title: You Are What You Write: Preserving Privacy in the Era of Large Language Models
* Paper ID: 2204.09391v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09391v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Large scale adoption of large language models has introduced a new era of
convenient knowledge transfer for a slew of natural language processing tasks.
However, these models also run the risk of undermining user trust by exposing
unwanted information about the data subjects, which may be extracted by a
malicious party, e.g. through adversarial attacks. We present an empirical
investigation into the extent of the personal information encoded into
pre-trained representations by a range of popular models, and we show a
positive correlation between the complexity of a model, the amount of data used
in pre-training, and data leakage. In this paper, we present the first wide
coverage evaluation and comparison of some of the most popular
privacy-preserving algorithms, on a large, multi-lingual dataset on sentiment
analysis annotated with demographic information (location, age and gender). The
results show since larger and more complex models are more prone to leaking
private information, use of privacy-preserving methods is highly desirable. We
also find that highly privacy-preserving technologies like differential privacy
(DP) can have serious model utility effects, which can be ameliorated using
hybrid or metric-DP techniques.

### Title: Profiling and Evolution of Intellectual Property
* Paper ID: 2204.09333v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09333v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In recent years, with the rapid growth of Internet data, the number and types
of scientific and technological resources are also rapidly expanding. However,
the increase in the number and category of information data will also increase
the cost of information acquisition. For technology-based enterprises or users,
in addition to general papers, patents, etc., policies related to technology or
the development of their industries should also belong to a type of scientific
and technological resources. The cost and difficulty of acquiring users.
Extracting valuable science and technology policy resources from a huge amount
of data with mixed contents and providing accurate and fast retrieval will help
to break down information barriers and reduce the cost of information
acquisition, which has profound social significance and social utility. This
article focuses on the difficulties and problems in the field of science and
technology policy, and introduces related technologies and developments.

### Title: Where is Your App Frustrating Users?
* Paper ID: 2204.09310v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09310v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: [https://github.com/melofancy/sira](https://github.com/melofancy/sira)
* Summary: User reviews of mobile apps provide a communication channel for developers to
perceive user satisfaction. Many app features that users have problems with are
usually expressed by key phrases such as "upload pictures", which could be
buried in the review texts. The lack of fine-grained view about problematic
features could obscure the developers' understanding of where the app is
frustrating users, and postpone the improvement of the apps. Existing
pattern-based approaches to extract target phrases suffer from low accuracy due
to insufficient semantic understanding of the reviews, thus can only summarize
the high-level topics/aspects of the reviews. This paper proposes a
semantic-aware, fine-grained app review analysis approach (SIRA) to extract,
cluster, and visualize the problematic features of apps. The main component of
SIRA is a novel BERT+Attr-CRF model for fine-grained problematic feature
extraction, which combines textual descriptions and review attributes to better
model the semantics of reviews and boost the performance of the traditional
BERT-CRF model. SIRA also clusters the extracted phrases based on their
semantic relations and presents a visualization of the summaries. Our
evaluation on 3,426 reviews from six apps confirms the effectiveness of SIRA in
problematic feature extraction and clustering. We further conduct an empirical
study with SIRA on 318,534 reviews of 18 popular apps to explore its potential
application and examine its usefulness in real-world practice.

### Title: Dynamic Free-Space Roadmap for Safe Quadrotor Motion Planning
* Paper ID: 2204.09265v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09265v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Free-space-oriented roadmaps typically generate a series of convex geometric
primitives, which constitute the safe region for motion planning. However, a
static environment is assumed for this kind of roadmap. This assumption makes
it unable to deal with dynamic obstacles and limits its applications. In this
paper, we present a dynamic free-space roadmap, which provides feasible spaces
and a navigation graph for safe quadrotor motion planning. Our roadmap is
constructed by continuously seeding and extracting free regions in the
environment. In order to adapt our map to environments with dynamic obstacles,
we incrementally decompose the polyhedra intersecting with obstacles into
obstacle-free regions, while the graph is also updated by our well-designed
mechanism. Extensive simulations and real-world experiments demonstrate that
our method is practically applicable and efficient.

### Title: Spectroscopy of light baryons with strangeness -1, -2, and -3
* Paper ID: 2204.09257v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09257v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The present article contains the descriptive study of light strange baryons
$\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$. The Regge phenomenology with linear
Regge trajectories has been employed and the relations between Regge slopes,
intercepts, and baryon masses have been extracted. With the aid of these
relations, ground state masses are obtained for $\Xi$ and $\Omega$ baryons.
Regge parameters have also been estimated to calculate the excited state masses
for $\Lambda$, $\Sigma$, $\Xi$, and $\Omega$ baryons in both the $(J,M^{2})$
and $(n,M^{2})$ planes. The obtained results are compared with available
experimental data and various theoretical approaches. We predict the
spin-parity of recently observed light baryons and our predictions may be
useful in future experimental searches of these baryons and their $J^{P}$
assignments.

### Title: Dark Spot Detection from SAR Images Based on Superpixel Deeper Graph Convolutional Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09230v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09230v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) is the main instrument utilized for the
detection of oil slicks on the ocean surface. In SAR images, some areas
affected by ocean phenomena, such as rain cells, upwellings, and internal
waves, or discharge from oil spills appear as dark spots on images. Dark spot
detection is the first step in the detection of oil spills, which then become
oil slick candidates. The accuracy of dark spot segmentation ultimately affects
the accuracy of oil slick identification. Although some advanced deep learning
methods that use pixels as processing units perform well in remote sensing
image semantic segmentation, detecting some dark spots with weak boundaries
from noisy SAR images remains a huge challenge. We propose a dark spot
detection method based on superpixels deeper graph convolutional networks
(SGDCN) in this paper, which takes the superpixels as the processing units and
extracts features for each superpixel. The features calculated from superpixel
regions are more robust than those from fixed pixel neighborhoods. To reduce
the difficulty of learning tasks, we discard irrelevant features and obtain an
optimal subset of features. After superpixel segmentation, the images are
transformed into graphs with superpixels as nodes, which are fed into the
deeper graph convolutional neural network for node classification. This graph
neural network uses a differentiable aggregation function to aggregate the
features of nodes and neighbors to form more advanced features. It is the first
time using it for dark spot detection. To validate our method, we mark all dark
spots on six SAR images covering the Baltic Sea and construct a dark spots
detection dataset, which has been made publicly available
(https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12UavrntkDSPrItISQ8iGefXn2gIZHxJ6?usp=sharing).
The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed SGDCN is robust and
effective.

### Title: Efficient Progressive High Dynamic Range Image Restoration via Attention and Alignment Network
* Paper ID: 2204.09213v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09213v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-20
* Code URL: null
* Summary: HDR is an important part of computational photography technology. In this
paper, we propose a lightweight neural network called Efficient
Attention-and-alignment-guided Progressive Network (EAPNet) for the challenge
NTIRE 2022 HDR Track 1 and Track 2. We introduce a multi-dimensional
lightweight encoding module to extract features. Besides, we propose
Progressive Dilated U-shape Block (PDUB) that can be a progressive
plug-and-play module for dynamically tuning MAccs and PSNR. Finally, we use
fast and low-power feature-align module to deal with misalignment problem in
place of the time-consuming Deformable Convolutional Network (DCN). The
experiments show that our method achieves about 20 times compression on MAccs
with better mu-PSNR and PSNR compared to the state-of-the-art method. We got
the second place of both two tracks during the testing phase. Figure1. shows
the visualized result of NTIRE 2022 HDR challenge.

