### Title: Localizing narrow Fe K$α$ emission within bright AGN
* Paper ID: 2204.09469v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09469v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09469v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The 6.4 keV Fe Ka emission line is a ubiquitous feature in X-ray spectra of
AGN, and its properties track the interaction between the variable primary
X-ray continuum and the surrounding structure from which it arises. We clarify
the nature and origin of the narrow Fe Ka emission using X-ray spectral,
timing, and imaging constraints, plus possible correlations to AGN and host
galaxy properties, for 38 bright nearby AGN ($z<0.5$) from the BAT AGN
Spectroscopic Survey. Modeling Chandra and XMM-Newton spectra, we computed line
full-width half-maxima (FWHMs) and constructed Fe Ka line and 2-10 keV
continuum light curves. The FWHM provides one estimate of the Fe Ka emitting
region size, RFeKa, assuming virial motion. A second estimate comes from
comparing the degree of correlation between the variability of the continuum
and line-only light curves, compared to simulated light curves. Finally, we
extracted Chandra radial profiles to place upper limits on RFeKa. We found that
for 90% (21/24) of AGN with FWHM measurements, RFeKa is smaller than the
fiducial dust sublimation radius, Rsub. Despite a wide range of variability
properties, the constraints on the Fe Ka photon reprocessor size independently
confirm that RFeKa is smaller than Rsub in 83% of AGN. Finally, the imaging
analysis yields loose upper limits for all but two sources; notably, the
Circinus Galaxy and NGC 1068 show significant but subdominant extended Fe Ka
emission out to $\sim$100 and $\sim$800 pc, respectively. Based on independent
constraints, we conclude that the majority of the narrow Fe Ka emission in
typical AGN predominantly arises from regions smaller than and presumably
inside Rsub, and thus it is associated either with the outer broad line region
or outer accretion disk. However, the large diversity of continuum and narrow
Fe Ka variability properties are not easily accommodated by a universal
scenario.

### Title: MANIQA: Multi-dimension Attention Network for No-Reference Image Quality Assessment
* Paper ID: 2204.08958v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08958v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08958v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: [https://github.com/iigroup/maniqa](https://github.com/iigroup/maniqa)
* Summary: No-Reference Image Quality Assessment (NR-IQA) aims to assess the perceptual
quality of images in accordance with human subjective perception.
Unfortunately, existing NR-IQA methods are far from meeting the needs of
predicting accurate quality scores on GAN-based distortion images. To this end,
we propose Multi-dimension Attention Network for no-reference Image Quality
Assessment (MANIQA) to improve the performance on GAN-based distortion. We
firstly extract features via ViT, then to strengthen global and local
interactions, we propose the Transposed Attention Block (TAB) and the Scale
Swin Transformer Block (SSTB). These two modules apply attention mechanisms
across the channel and spatial dimension, respectively. In this
multi-dimensional manner, the modules cooperatively increase the interaction
among different regions of images globally and locally. Finally, a dual branch
structure for patch-weighted quality prediction is applied to predict the final
score depending on the weight of each patch's score. Experimental results
demonstrate that MANIQA outperforms state-of-the-art methods on four standard
datasets (LIVE, TID2013, CSIQ, and KADID-10K) by a large margin. Besides, our
method ranked first place in the final testing phase of the NTIRE 2022
Perceptual Image Quality Assessment Challenge Track 2: No-Reference. Codes and
models are available at https://github.com/IIGROUP/MANIQA.

### Title: Coulomb-Nuclear Interference: Theory and Practice for pp-Scattering at 13 TeV
* Paper ID: 2204.08815v2
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08815v2](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.08815v2)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-21
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We provide a detailed reconsideration of the theoretical basis for the
treatment of Coulomb-nuclear interference (CNI) and a corresponding thorough
analysis of the procedure of extraction of the basic parameters $\rho^{~pp},
\sigma_{tot}^{~pp}$ and $B^{~pp}$ from the TOTEM data at $\sqrt{s} = 13$ TeV. A
more substantiated account of CNI, as well as an in-depth statistical analysis
of the TOTEM data at low transferred momenta, give results that differ from
those published by the TOTEM collaboration.

