### Title: Unlocking High-Accuracy Differentially Private Image Classification through Scale
* Paper ID: 2204.13650v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13650v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy](https://github.com/deepmind/jax_privacy)
* Summary: Differential Privacy (DP) provides a formal privacy guarantee preventing
adversaries with access to a machine learning model from extracting information
about individual training points. Differentially Private Stochastic Gradient
Descent (DP-SGD), the most popular DP training method, realizes this protection
by injecting noise during training. However previous works have found that
DP-SGD often leads to a significant degradation in performance on standard
image classification benchmarks. Furthermore, some authors have postulated that
DP-SGD inherently performs poorly on large models, since the norm of the noise
required to preserve privacy is proportional to the model dimension. In
contrast, we demonstrate that DP-SGD on over-parameterized models can perform
significantly better than previously thought. Combining careful hyper-parameter
tuning with simple techniques to ensure signal propagation and improve the
convergence rate, we obtain a new SOTA on CIFAR-10 of 81.4% under (8,
10^{-5})-DP using a 40-layer Wide-ResNet, improving over the previous SOTA of
71.7%. When fine-tuning a pre-trained 200-layer Normalizer-Free ResNet, we
achieve a remarkable 77.1% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet under (1, 8*10^{-7})-DP,
and achieve 81.1% under (8, 8*10^{-7})-DP. This markedly exceeds the previous
SOTA of 47.9% under a larger privacy budget of (10, 10^{-6})-DP. We believe our
results are a significant step towards closing the accuracy gap between private
and non-private image classification.

### Title: Propagation of errors and quantitative quantum simulation with quantum advantage
* Paper ID: 2204.13644v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13644v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13644v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The rapid development in hardware for quantum computing and simulation has
led to much interest in problems where these devices can exceed the
capabilities of existing classical computers and known methods. Approaching
this for problems that go beyond testing the performance of a quantum device is
an important step, and quantum simulation of many-body quench dynamics is one
of the most promising candidates for early practical quantum advantage. We
analyse the requirements for quantitatively reliable quantum simulation beyond
the capabilities of existing classical methods for analogue quantum simulators
with neutral atoms in optical lattices and trapped ions. Considering the
primary sources of error in analogue devices and how they propagate after a
quench in studies of the Hubbard or long-range transverse field Ising model, we
identify the level of error expected in quantities we extract from experiments.
We conclude for models that are directly implementable that regimes of
practical quantum advantage are attained in current experiments with analogue
simulators. We also identify the hardware requirements to reach the same level
of accuracy with future fault-tolerant digital quantum simulation. Verification
techniques are already available to test the assumptions we make here, and
demonstrating these in experiments will be an important next step.

### Title: Learning to Extract Building Footprints from Off-Nadir Aerial Images
* Paper ID: 2204.13637v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13637v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13637v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/jwwangchn/bonai](https://github.com/jwwangchn/bonai)
* Summary: Extracting building footprints from aerial images is essential for precise
urban mapping with photogrammetric computer vision technologies. Existing
approaches mainly assume that the roof and footprint of a building are well
overlapped, which may not hold in off-nadir aerial images as there is often a
big offset between them. In this paper, we propose an offset vector learning
scheme, which turns the building footprint extraction problem in off-nadir
images into an instance-level joint prediction problem of the building roof and
its corresponding "roof to footprint" offset vector. Thus the footprint can be
estimated by translating the predicted roof mask according to the predicted
offset vector. We further propose a simple but effective feature-level offset
augmentation module, which can significantly refine the offset vector
prediction by introducing little extra cost. Moreover, a new dataset, Buildings
in Off-Nadir Aerial Images (BONAI), is created and released in this paper. It
contains 268,958 building instances across 3,300 aerial images with fully
annotated instance-level roof, footprint, and corresponding offset vector for
each building. Experiments on the BONAI dataset demonstrate that our method
achieves the state-of-the-art, outperforming other competitors by 3.37 to 7.39
points in F1-score. The codes, datasets, and trained models are available at
https://github.com/jwwangchn/BONAI.git.

### Title: Rotationally Equivariant 3D Object Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.13630v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13630v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13630v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Rotation equivariance has recently become a strongly desired property in the
3D deep learning community. Yet most existing methods focus on equivariance
regarding a global input rotation while ignoring the fact that rotation
symmetry has its own spatial support. Specifically, we consider the object
detection problem in 3D scenes, where an object bounding box should be
equivariant regarding the object pose, independent of the scene motion. This
suggests a new desired property we call object-level rotation equivariance. To
incorporate object-level rotation equivariance into 3D object detectors, we
need a mechanism to extract equivariant features with local object-level
spatial support while being able to model cross-object context information. To
this end, we propose Equivariant Object detection Network (EON) with a rotation
equivariance suspension design to achieve object-level equivariance. EON can be
applied to modern point cloud object detectors, such as VoteNet and PointRCNN,
enabling them to exploit object rotation symmetry in scene-scale inputs. Our
experiments on both indoor scene and autonomous driving datasets show that
significant improvements are obtained by plugging our EON design into existing
state-of-the-art 3D object detectors.

### Title: Life is not Always Depressing: Exploring the Happy Moments of People Diagnosed with Depression
* Paper ID: 2204.13569v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13569v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13569v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this work, we explore the relationship between depression and
manifestations of happiness in social media. While the majority of works
surrounding depression focus on symptoms, psychological research shows that
there is a strong link between seeking happiness and being diagnosed with
depression. We make use of Positive-Unlabeled learning paradigm to
automatically extract happy moments from social media posts of both controls
and users diagnosed with depression, and qualitatively analyze them with
linguistic tools such as LIWC and keyness information. We show that the life of
depressed individuals is not always bleak, with positive events related to
friends and family being more noteworthy to their lives compared to the more
mundane happy events reported by control users.

### Title: Multi-Mask Least-Squares Deconvolution: Extracting RVs using tailored masks
* Paper ID: 2204.13556v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13556v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13556v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: To push the radial velocity (RV) exoplanet detection threshold, it is crucial
to find more reliable radial velocity extraction methods. The Least-Squares
Deconvolution (LSD) technique has been used to infer the stellar magnetic flux
from spectropolarimetric data for the past two decades. It relies on the
assumption that stellar absorption lines are similar in shape. Although this
assumption is simplistic, LSD provides a good model for intensity spectra and
likewise an estimate for their Doppler shift. We present the Multi-Mask
Least-Squares Deconvolution (MM-LSD) RV extraction pipeline which extracts the
radial velocity from two-dimensional echelle-order spectra using LSD with
multiple tailored masks after continuum normalisation and telluric absorption
line correction. The flexibility of LSD allows to exclude spectral lines or
pixels at will, providing a means to exclude variable lines or pixels affected
by instrumental problems. The MM-LSD pipeline was tested on HARPS-N data for
the Sun and selected well-observed stars with 5.7 < Vmag < 12.6. For FGK-type
stars with median signal-to-noise above 100, the pipeline delivered RV time
series with on average 12 per cent lower scatter as compared to the HARPS-N RV
extraction pipeline based on the Cross-Correlation Function technique. The
MM-LSD pipeline may be used as a standalone RV code, or modified and extended
to extract a proxy for the magnetic field strength.

### Title: What do You Mean by Relation Extraction? A Survey on Datasets and Study on Scientific Relation Classification
* Paper ID: 2204.13516v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13516v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13516v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Over the last five years, research on Relation Extraction (RE) witnessed
extensive progress with many new dataset releases. At the same time, setup
clarity has decreased, contributing to increased difficulty of reliable
empirical evaluation (Taill\'e et al., 2020). In this paper, we provide a
comprehensive survey of RE datasets, and revisit the task definition and its
adoption by the community. We find that cross-dataset and cross-domain setups
are particularly lacking. We present an empirical study on scientific Relation
Classification across two datasets. Despite large data overlap, our analysis
reveals substantial discrepancies in annotation. Annotation discrepancies
strongly impact Relation Classification performance, explaining large drops in
cross-dataset evaluations. Variation within further sub-domains exists but
impacts Relation Classification only to limited degrees. Overall, our study
calls for more rigour in reporting setups in RE and evaluation across multiple
test sets.

### Title: Neural Label Search for Zero-Shot Multi-Lingual Extractive Summarization
* Paper ID: 2204.13512v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13512v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13512v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In zero-shot multilingual extractive text summarization, a model is typically
trained on English summarization dataset and then applied on summarization
datasets of other languages. Given English gold summaries and documents,
sentence-level labels for extractive summarization are usually generated using
heuristics. However, these monolingual labels created on English datasets may
not be optimal on datasets of other languages, for that there is the syntactic
or semantic discrepancy between different languages. In this way, it is
possible to translate the English dataset to other languages and obtain
different sets of labels again using heuristics. To fully leverage the
information of these different sets of labels, we propose NLSSum (Neural Label
Search for Summarization), which jointly learns hierarchical weights for these
different sets of labels together with our summarization model. We conduct
multilingual zero-shot summarization experiments on MLSUM and WikiLingua
datasets, and we achieve state-of-the-art results using both human and
automatic evaluations across these two datasets.

### Title: First concurrent extraction of the leading-order scalar and spin proton polarizabilities
* Paper ID: 2204.13491v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13491v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13491v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We performed the first simultaneous extraction of the six leading-order
proton polarizabilities. We reached this milestone thanks to both new
high-quality experimental data and an innovative bootstrap-base fitting method.
These new results provide a self-consistent and fundamental benchmark for all
future theoretical and experimental polarizability estimates.

### Title: Two-particle azimuthal correlations in $γ$p interactions using pPb collisions at $\sqrt{s_\mathrm{NN}}$ = 8.16 TeV
* Paper ID: 2204.13486v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13486v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13486v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The first measurements of the Fourier coefficients ($V_{n\Delta}$) of the
azimuthal distributions of charged hadrons emitted from photon-proton
($\gamma$p) interactions are presented. The data are extracted from 68.8
nb$^{-1}$ of ultra-peripheral proton-lead (pPb) collisions at
$\sqrt{s_\mathrm{NN}}$ = 8.16 TeV using the CMS detector. The high energy lead
ions produce a flux of photons that can interact with the oncoming proton. This
$\gamma$p system provides a set of unique initial conditions with multiplicity
lower than in photon-lead collisions but comparable to recent electron-positron
and electron-proton data. The $V_{n\Delta}$ coefficients are presented in
ranges of event multiplicity and transverse momentum ($p_\mathrm{T}$) and are
compared to corresponding hadronic minimum bias pPb results. For a given
multiplicity range, the mean $p_\mathrm{T}$ of charged particles is smaller in
$\gamma$p than in pPb collisions. For both the $\gamma$p and pPb samples,
$V_{1\Delta}$ is negative, $V_{2\Delta}$ is positive, and $V_{3\Delta}$
consistent with 0. For each multiplicity and $p_\mathrm{T}$ range,
$V_{2\Delta}$ is larger for $\gamma$p events. The $\gamma$p data are consistent
with model predictions that have no collective effects thus suggesting the
absence of collectivity in the $\gamma$p system over the multiplicity range
explored in this work.

### Title: Prediction uncertainty validation for computational chemists
* Paper ID: 2204.13477v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13477v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13477v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/ppernot/2022_Tightness](https://github.com/ppernot/2022_Tightness)
* Summary: Validation of prediction uncertainty (PU) is becoming an essential tool for
modern computational chemistry. Designed to quantify the reliability of
predictions in meteorology, the calibration-sharpness (CS) framework is now
widely used to optimize and validate uncertainty-aware machine learning
methods. The present article is intended as a step-by-step introduction to the
concepts and techniques of PU validation in the CS framework, adapted to the
specifics of computational chemistry. The presented methods range from
elementary graphical checks to more sophisticated ones based on local
calibration statistics. The concept of tightness, is introduced. The methods
are illustrated on synthetic datasets and applied to uncertainty quantification
data extracted from the computational chemistry literature.

### Title: Efficient Approximation of Action Potentials with High-Order Shape Preservation in Unsupervised Spike Sorting
* Paper ID: 2204.13463v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13463v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13463v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This paper presents a novel approximation unit added to the conventional
spike processing chain which provides an appreciable reduction of complexity of
the high-hardware cost feature extractors. The use of the Taylor polynomial is
proposed and modelled employing its cascaded derivatives to non-uniformly
capture the essential samples in each spike for reliable feature extraction and
sorting. Inclusion of the approximation unit can provide 3X compression (i.e.
from 66 to 22 samples) to the spike waveforms while preserving their shapes.
Detailed spike waveform sequences based on in-vivo measurements have been
generated using a customized neural simulator for performance assessment of the
approximation unit tested on six published feature extractors. For noise levels
{\sigma}_N between 0.05 and 0.3 and groups of 3 spikes in each channel, all the
feature extractors provide almost same sorting performance before and after
approximation. The overall implementation cost when including the approximation
unit and feature extraction shows a large reduction (i.e. up to 8.7X) in the
hardware costly and more accurate feature extractors, offering a substantial
improvement in feature extraction design.

### Title: Cumulative Stay-time Representation for Electronic Health Records in Medical Event Time Prediction
* Paper ID: 2204.13451v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13451v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13451v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We address the problem of predicting when a disease will develop, i.e.,
medical event time (MET), from a patient's electronic health record (EHR). The
MET of non-communicable diseases like diabetes is highly correlated to
cumulative health conditions, more specifically, how much time the patient
spent with specific health conditions in the past. The common time-series
representation is indirect in extracting such information from EHR because it
focuses on detailed dependencies between values in successive observations, not
cumulative information. We propose a novel data representation for EHR called
cumulative stay-time representation (CTR), which directly models such
cumulative health conditions. We derive a trainable construction of CTR based
on neural networks that has the flexibility to fit the target data and
scalability to handle high-dimensional EHR. Numerical experiments using
synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that CTR alone achieves a high
prediction performance, and it enhances the performance of existing models when
combined with them.

### Title: AE-NeRF: Auto-Encoding Neural Radiance Fields for 3D-Aware Object Manipulation
* Paper ID: 2204.13426v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13426v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13426v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We propose a novel framework for 3D-aware object manipulation, called
Auto-Encoding Neural Radiance Fields (AE-NeRF). Our model, which is formulated
in an auto-encoder architecture, extracts disentangled 3D attributes such as 3D
shape, appearance, and camera pose from an image, and a high-quality image is
rendered from the attributes through disentangled generative Neural Radiance
Fields (NeRF). To improve the disentanglement ability, we present two losses,
global-local attribute consistency loss defined between input and output, and
swapped-attribute classification loss. Since training such auto-encoding
networks from scratch without ground-truth shape and appearance information is
non-trivial, we present a stage-wise training scheme, which dramatically helps
to boost the performance. We conduct experiments to demonstrate the
effectiveness of the proposed model over the latest methods and provide
extensive ablation studies.

### Title: Simplifying Multilingual News Clustering Through Projection From a Shared Space
* Paper ID: 2204.13418v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13418v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13418v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The task of organizing and clustering multilingual news articles for media
monitoring is essential to follow news stories in real time. Most approaches to
this task focus on high-resource languages (mostly English), with low-resource
languages being disregarded. With that in mind, we present a much simpler
online system that is able to cluster an incoming stream of documents without
depending on language-specific features. We empirically demonstrate that the
use of multilingual contextual embeddings as the document representation
significantly improves clustering quality. We challenge previous crosslingual
approaches by removing the precondition of building monolingual clusters. We
model the clustering process as a set of linear classifiers to aggregate
similar documents, and correct closely-related multilingual clusters through
merging in an online fashion. Our system achieves state-of-the-art results on a
multilingual news stream clustering dataset, and we introduce a new evaluation
for zero-shot news clustering in multiple languages. We make our code available
as open-source.

### Title: Theoretical analysis of the extraction of neutron skin thickness from coherent π0 photoproduction off nuclei
* Paper ID: 2204.13395v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13395v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13395v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Background: Coherent {\pi}0 photoproduction on heavy nuclei has been
suggested as a reliable tool to infer neutron skin thicknesses. To this aim,
various experiments have been performed, especially on 208Pb. Purpose: We
analyze the sensitivity of that reaction process to the nucleonic density, and
especially to the neutron skin thickness, for 12C, 40Ca and 208Pb, for which
reliable data exist, and on 116,124Sn, for which measurements have been
performed in Mainz. We study also the role played by the {\pi}0-nucleus
final-state interaction. Method: A model of the reaction is developed at the
impulse approximation considering either plane waves or distorted waves to
describe the {\pi}0-nucleus scattering in the outgoing channel. Results: Our
calculations are in good agreement with existing data, especially for 208Pb.
The sensitivity of the theoretical cross sections to the choice of the
nucleonic density is small, and below the experimental resolution. Conclusions:
Coherent {\pi}0 photoproduction is mostly an isoscalar observable that bares no
practical sensitivity to the neutron skin thickness. To infer that structure
observable it should be coupled to other reaction measurements, such as
electron scattering, or by comparing experiments performed on isotopes of the
same chemical element.

### Title: D3: A Massive Dataset of Scholarly Metadata for Analyzing the State of Computer Science Research
* Paper ID: 2204.13384v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13384v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13384v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: DBLP is the largest open-access repository of scientific articles on computer
science and provides metadata associated with publications, authors, and
venues. We retrieved more than 6 million publications from DBLP and extracted
pertinent metadata (e.g., abstracts, author affiliations, citations) from the
publication texts to create the DBLP Discovery Dataset (D3). D3 can be used to
identify trends in research activity, productivity, focus, bias, accessibility,
and impact of computer science research. We present an initial analysis focused
on the volume of computer science research (e.g., number of papers, authors,
research activity), trends in topics of interest, and citation patterns. Our
findings show that computer science is a growing research field (approx. 15%
annually), with an active and collaborative researcher community. While papers
in recent years present more bibliographical entries in comparison to previous
decades, the average number of citations has been declining. Investigating
papers' abstracts reveals that recent topic trends are clearly reflected in D3.
Finally, we list further applications of D3 and pose supplemental research
questions. The D3 dataset, our findings, and source code are publicly available
for research purposes.

### Title: Discriminative-Region Attention and Orthogonal-View Generation Model for Vehicle Re-Identification
* Paper ID: 2204.13323v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13323v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13323v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Vehicle re-identification (Re-ID) is urgently demanded to alleviate
thepressure caused by the increasingly onerous task of urban traffic
management. Multiple challenges hamper the applications of vision-based vehicle
Re-ID methods: (1) The appearances of different vehicles of the same
brand/model are often similar; However, (2) the appearances of the same vehicle
differ significantly from different viewpoints. Previous methods mainly use
manually annotated multi-attribute datasets to assist the network in getting
detailed cues and in inferencing multi-view to improve the vehicle Re-ID
performance. However, finely labeled vehicle datasets are usually unattainable
in real application scenarios. Hence, we propose a Discriminative-Region
Attention and Orthogonal-View Generation (DRA-OVG) model, which only requires
identity (ID) labels to conquer the multiple challenges of vehicle Re-ID.The
proposed DRA model can automatically extract the discriminative region
features, which can distinguish similar vehicles. And the OVG model can
generate multi-view features based on the input view features to reduce the
impact of viewpoint mismatches. Finally, the distance between vehicle
appearances is presented by the discriminative region features and multi-view
features together. Therefore, the significance of pairwise distance measure
between vehicles is enhanced in acomplete feature space. Extensive experiments
substantiate the effectiveness of each proposed ingredient, and experimental
results indicate that our approach achieves remarkable improvements over the
state- of-the-art vehicle Re-ID methods on VehicleID and VeRi-776 datasets.

### Title: The Copenhagen Corpus of Eye Tracking Recordings from Natural Reading of Danish Texts
* Paper ID: 2204.13311v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13311v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13311v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Eye movement recordings from reading are one of the richest signals of human
language processing. Corpora of eye movements during reading of contextualized
running text is a way of making such records available for natural language
processing purposes. Such corpora already exist in some languages. We present
CopCo, the Copenhagen Corpus of eye tracking recordings from natural reading of
Danish texts. It is the first eye tracking corpus of its kind for the Danish
language. CopCo includes 1,832 sentences with 34,897 tokens of Danish text
extracted from a collection of speech manuscripts. This first release of the
corpus contains eye tracking data from 22 participants. It will be extended
continuously with more participants and texts from other genres. We assess the
data quality of the recorded eye movements and find that the extracted features
are in line with related research. The dataset available here:
https://osf.io/ud8s5/.

### Title: Model Selection, Adaptation, and Combination for Deep Transfer Learning through Neural Networks in Renewable Energies
* Paper ID: 2204.13293v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13293v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13293v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: There is recent interest in using model hubs, a collection of pre-trained
models, in computer vision tasks. To utilize the model hub, we first select a
source model and then adapt the model for the target to compensate for
differences. While there is yet limited research on a model selection and
adaption for computer vision tasks, this holds even more for the field of
renewable power. At the same time, it is a crucial challenge to provide
forecasts for the increasing demand for power forecasts based on weather
features from a numerical weather prediction. We close these gaps by conducting
the first thorough experiment for model selection and adaptation for transfer
learning in renewable power forecast, adopting recent results from the field of
computer vision on six datasets. We adopt models based on data from different
seasons and limit the amount of training data. As an extension of the current
state of the art, we utilize a Bayesian linear regression for forecasting the
response based on features extracted from a neural network. This approach
outperforms the baseline with only seven days of training data. We further show
how combining multiple models through ensembles can significantly improve the
model selection and adaptation approach. In fact, with more than 30 days of
training data, both proposed model combination techniques achieve similar
results to those models trained with a full year of training data.

### Title: Lightweight Bimodal Network for Single-Image Super-Resolution via Symmetric CNN and Recursive Transformer
* Paper ID: 2204.13286v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13286v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13286v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: [https://github.com/iviplab/lbnet](https://github.com/iviplab/lbnet)
* Summary: Single-image super-resolution (SISR) has achieved significant breakthroughs
with the development of deep learning. However, these methods are difficult to
be applied in real-world scenarios since they are inevitably accompanied by the
problems of computational and memory costs caused by the complex operations. To
solve this issue, we propose a Lightweight Bimodal Network (LBNet) for SISR.
Specifically, an effective Symmetric CNN is designed for local feature
extraction and coarse image reconstruction. Meanwhile, we propose a Recursive
Transformer to fully learn the long-term dependence of images thus the global
information can be fully used to further refine texture details. Studies show
that the hybrid of CNN and Transformer can build a more efficient model.
Extensive experiments have proved that our LBNet achieves more prominent
performance than other state-of-the-art methods with a relatively low
computational cost and memory consumption. The code is available at
https://github.com/IVIPLab/LBNet.

### Title: Mathematical formulae for neutron self-shielding properties of media in an isotropic neutron field
* Paper ID: 2204.13239v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13239v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.13239v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-28
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The complexity of the neutron transport phenomenon throws its shadows on
every physical system wherever neutron is produced or used. In the current
study, an \emph{ab initio} derivation of the neutron self-shielding factor, the
problem of the decrease of the neutron flux as it penetrates into a material
placed in an isotropic neutron field, has been attempted by employing the
theory of steady-state neutron transport, starting from Stuart's formula.
Simple formulae were derived based on the integral cross-section parameters,
which can be adopted by the user according to various variables, such as the
neutron flux distribution and geometry of the simulation at hand. The concluded
formulae of the self-shielding factors comprise an inverted sigmoid function
normalized a weight representing the ratio between the total and scattering
macroscopic cross-sections of the medium. The general convex volume geometries
are reduced to a set of chord lengths, while the neutron interactions
probabilities within the volume are parameterized to the epithermal and thermal
neutron energies. The arguments of the inverted-sigmoid function were derived
from a simplified version of neutron transport formulation. Accordingly, the
obtained general formulae were successful in giving the experimental values of
the neutron self-shielding factor for different elements and different
geometries. The results were validated by comparing them to the experimental
data as well as a variety of data extracted from the literature

