### Title: Unified Pretraining Framework for Document Understanding
* Paper ID: 2204.10939v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10939v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10939v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Document intelligence automates the extraction of information from documents
and supports many business applications. Recent self-supervised learning
methods on large-scale unlabeled document datasets have opened up promising
directions towards reducing annotation efforts by training models with
self-supervised objectives. However, most of the existing document pretraining
methods are still language-dominated. We present UDoc, a new unified
pretraining framework for document understanding. UDoc is designed to support
most document understanding tasks, extending the Transformer to take multimodal
embeddings as input. Each input element is composed of words and visual
features from a semantic region of the input document image. An important
feature of UDoc is that it learns a generic representation by making use of
three self-supervised losses, encouraging the representation to model
sentences, learn similarities, and align modalities. Extensive empirical
analysis demonstrates that the pretraining procedure learns better joint
representations and leads to improvements in downstream tasks.

### Title: Learning to Scaffold: Optimizing Model Explanations for Teaching
* Paper ID: 2204.10810v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10810v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10810v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: [https://github.com/coderpat/learning-scaffold](https://github.com/coderpat/learning-scaffold)
* Summary: Modern machine learning models are opaque, and as a result there is a
burgeoning academic subfield on methods that explain these models' behavior.
However, what is the precise goal of providing such explanations, and how can
we demonstrate that explanations achieve this goal? Some research argues that
explanations should help teach a student (either human or machine) to simulate
the model being explained, and that the quality of explanations can be measured
by the simulation accuracy of students on unexplained examples. In this work,
leveraging meta-learning techniques, we extend this idea to improve the quality
of the explanations themselves, specifically by optimizing explanations such
that student models more effectively learn to simulate the original model. We
train models on three natural language processing and computer vision tasks,
and find that students trained with explanations extracted with our framework
are able to simulate the teacher significantly more effectively than ones
produced with previous methods. Through human annotations and a user study, we
further find that these learned explanations more closely align with how humans
would explain the required decisions in these tasks. Our code is available at
https://github.com/coderpat/learning-scaffold

### Title: Constructing dynamic residential energy lifestyles using Latent Dirichlet Allocation
* Paper ID: 2204.10770v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10770v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10770v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The rapid expansion of Advanced Meter Infrastructure (AMI) has dramatically
altered the energy information landscape. However, our ability to use this
information to generate actionable insights about residential electricity
demand remains limited. In this research, we propose and test a new framework
for understanding residential electricity demand by using a dynamic energy
lifestyles approach that is iterative and highly extensible. To obtain energy
lifestyles, we develop a novel approach that applies Latent Dirichlet
Allocation (LDA), a method commonly used for inferring the latent topical
structure of text data, to extract a series of latent household energy
attributes. By doing so, we provide a new perspective on household electricity
consumption where each household is characterized by a mixture of energy
attributes that form the building blocks for identifying a sparse collection of
energy lifestyles. We examine this approach by running experiments on one year
of hourly smart meter data from 60,000 households and we extract six energy
attributes that describe general daily use patterns. We then use clustering
techniques to derive six distinct energy lifestyle profiles from energy
attribute proportions. Our lifestyle approach is also flexible to varying time
interval lengths, and we test our lifestyle approach seasonally (Autumn,
Winter, Spring, and Summer) to track energy lifestyle dynamics within and
across households and find that around 73% of households manifest multiple
lifestyles across a year. These energy lifestyles are then compared to
different energy use characteristics, and we discuss their practical
applications for demand response program design and lifestyle change analysis.

### Title: From Books to Knowledge Graphs
* Paper ID: 2204.10766v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10766v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10766v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: The digital transformation of the scientific publishing industry has led to
dramatic improvements in content discoverability and information analytics.
Unfortunately, these improvements have not been uniform across research areas.
The scientific literature in the arts, humanities and social sciences (AHSS)
still lags behind, in part due to the scale of analog backlogs, the persisting
importance of national languages, and a publisher ecosystem made of many, small
or medium enterprises. We propose a bottom-up approach to support publishers in
creating and maintaining their own publication knowledge graphs in the open
domain. We do so by releasing a pipeline able to extract structured information
from the bibliographies and indexes of AHSS publications, disambiguate,
normalize and export it as linked data. We test the proposed pipeline on
Brill's Classics collection, and release an implementation in open source for
further use and improvement.

### Title: Dite-HRNet: Dynamic Lightweight High-Resolution Network for Human Pose Estimation
* Paper ID: 2204.10762v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10762v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10762v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: [https://github.com/ziyizhang27/dite-hrnet](https://github.com/ziyizhang27/dite-hrnet)
* Summary: A high-resolution network exhibits remarkable capability in extracting
multi-scale features for human pose estimation, but fails to capture long-range
interactions between joints and has high computational complexity. To address
these problems, we present a Dynamic lightweight High-Resolution Network
(Dite-HRNet), which can efficiently extract multi-scale contextual information
and model long-range spatial dependency for human pose estimation.
Specifically, we propose two methods, dynamic split convolution and adaptive
context modeling, and embed them into two novel lightweight blocks, which are
named dynamic multi-scale context block and dynamic global context block. These
two blocks, as the basic component units of our Dite-HRNet, are specially
designed for the high-resolution networks to make full use of the parallel
multi-resolution architecture. Experimental results show that the proposed
network achieves superior performance on both COCO and MPII human pose
estimation datasets, surpassing the state-of-the-art lightweight networks. Code
is available at: \url{https://github.com/ZiyiZhang27/Dite-HRNet}.

### Title: Reference Vector Adaptation and Mating Selection Strategy via Adaptive Resonance Theory-based Clustering for Many-objective Optimization
* Paper ID: 2204.10756v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10756v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10756v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Decomposition-based multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) with
clustering-based reference vector adaptation show good optimization performance
for many-objective optimization problems (MaOPs). Especially, algorithms that
employ a clustering algorithm with a topological structure (i.e., a network
composed of nodes and edges) show superior optimization performance to other
MOEAs for MaOPs with irregular Pareto optimal fronts (PFs). These algorithms,
however, do not effectively utilize information of the topological structure in
the search process. Moreover, the clustering algorithms typically used in
conventional studies have limited clustering performance, inhibiting the
ability to extract useful information for the search process. This paper
proposes an adaptive reference vector-guided evolutionary algorithm using an
adaptive resonance theory-based clustering with a topological structure. The
proposed algorithm utilizes the information of the topological structure not
only for reference vector adaptation but also for mating selection. The
proposed algorithm is compared with 8 state-of-the-art MOEAs on 78 test
problems. Experimental results reveal the outstanding optimization performance
of the proposed algorithm over the others on MaOPs with various properties.

### Title: Machine Learning methods to estimate observational properties of galaxy clusters in large volume cosmological N-body simulations
* Paper ID: 2204.10751v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10751v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10751v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: In this paper we study the applicability of a set of supervised machine
learning (ML) models specifically trained to infer observed related properties
of the baryonic component (stars and gas) from a set of features of dark matter
only cluster-size halos. The training set is built from THE THREE HUNDRED
project which consists of a series of zoomed hydrodynamical simulations of
cluster-size regions extracted from the 1 Gpc volume MultiDark dark-matter only
simulation (MDPL2). We use as target variables a set of baryonic properties for
the intra cluster gas and stars derived from the hydrodynamical simulations and
correlate them with the properties of the dark matter halos from the MDPL2
N-body simulation. The different ML models are trained from this database and
subsequently used to infer the same baryonic properties for the whole range of
cluster-size halos identified in the MDPL2. We also test the robustness of the
predictions of the models against mass resolution of the dark matter halos and
conclude that their inferred baryonic properties are rather insensitive to
their DM properties which are resolved with almost an order of magnitude
smaller number of particles. We conclude that the ML models presented in this
paper can be used as an accurate and computationally efficient tool for
populating cluster-size halos with observational related baryonic properties in
large volume N-body simulations making them more valuable for comparison with
full sky galaxy cluster surveys at different wavelengths. We make the best ML
trained model publicly available.

### Title: Diverse Instance Discovery: Vision-Transformer for Instance-Aware Multi-Label Image Recognition
* Paper ID: 2204.10731v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10731v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10731v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Previous works on multi-label image recognition (MLIR) usually use CNNs as a
starting point for research. In this paper, we take pure Vision Transformer
(ViT) as the research base and make full use of the advantages of Transformer
with long-range dependency modeling to circumvent the disadvantages of CNNs
limited to local receptive field. However, for multi-label images containing
multiple objects from different categories, scales, and spatial relations, it
is not optimal to use global information alone. Our goal is to leverage ViT's
patch tokens and self-attention mechanism to mine rich instances in multi-label
images, named diverse instance discovery (DiD). To this end, we propose a
semantic category-aware module and a spatial relationship-aware module,
respectively, and then combine the two by a re-constraint strategy to obtain
instance-aware attention maps. Finally, we propose a weakly supervised object
localization-based approach to extract multi-scale local features, to form a
multi-view pipeline. Our method requires only weakly supervised information at
the label level, no additional knowledge injection or other strongly supervised
information is required. Experiments on three benchmark datasets show that our
method significantly outperforms previous works and achieves state-of-the-art
results under fair experimental comparisons.

### Title: SNE: an Energy-Proportional Digital Accelerator for Sparse Event-Based Convolutions
* Paper ID: 2204.10687v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10687v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10687v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Event-based sensors are drawing increasing atten?tion due to their high
temporal resolution, low power con?sumption, and low bandwidth. To efficiently
extract semantically meaningful information from sparse data streams produced
by such sensors, we present a 4.5TOP/s/W digital accelerator capable of
performing 4-bits-quantized event-based convolutional neural networks (eCNN).
Compared to standard convolutional engines, our accelerator performs a number
of operations proportional to the number of events contained into the input
data stream, ultimately achieving a high energy-to-information processing
proportionality. On the IBM-DVS-Gesture dataset, we report 80uJ/inf to
261uJ/inf, respectively, when the input activity is 1.2% and 4.9%. Our
accelerator consumes 0.221pJ/SOP, to the best of our knowledge it is the lowest
energy/OP reported on a digital neuromorphic engine.

### Title: Real-time HOG+SVM based object detection using SoC FPGA for a UHD video stream
* Paper ID: 2204.10619v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10619v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10619v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Object detection is an essential component of many vision systems. For
example, pedestrian detection is used in advanced driver assistance systems
(ADAS) and advanced video surveillance systems (AVSS). Currently, most
detectors use deep convolutional neural networks (e.g., the YOLO -- You Only
Look Once -- family), which, however, due to their high computational
complexity, are not able to process a very high-resolution video stream in
real-time, especially within a limited energy budget. In this paper we present
a hardware implementation of the well-known pedestrian detector with HOG
(Histogram of Oriented Gradients) feature extraction and SVM (Support Vector
Machine) classification. Our system running on AMD Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+
MPSoC (Multiprocessor System on Chip) device allows real-time processing of 4K
resolution (UHD -- Ultra High Definition, 3840 x 2160 pixels) video for 60
frames per second. The system is capable of detecting a pedestrian in a single
scale. The results obtained confirm the high suitability of reprogrammable
devices in the real-time implementation of embedded vision systems.

### Title: A short-circuited coplanar waveguide for low-temperature single-port VNA-FMR spectroscopy set-up to probe the magnetic properties of ferromagnetic thin films
* Paper ID: 2204.10596v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10596v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10596v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: A coplanar waveguide(CPW) shorted in one end is proposed, designed, and
implemented successfully to measure the properties of magnetic thin films as a
part of the VNA-FMR spectroscopy setup. Its simple structure, potential
applications and easy installation inside the cryostat chamber made it
advantageous especially for low-temperature measurements. It provides a wide
band of frequencies in the gigahertz range essential for FMR measurements. Our
spectroscopy setup with short-circuited CPW has been used to extract Gilbert
damping coefficient and effective magnetization values for the standard
ferromagnet, Permalloy thin films. The thickness and temperature dependent
studies of those magnetic parameters have also been done here for the afore
mentioned magnetic samples.

### Title: Adaptive hyperspectral imaging using structured illumination in a spatial light modulator-based interferometer
* Paper ID: 2204.10587v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10587v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10587v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We develop a novel hyperspectral imaging system using structured illumination
in an SLM-based Michelson interferometer. In our design, we use a reflective
SLM as a mirror in one of the arms of a Michelson interferometer, and scan the
interferometer by varying the phase across the SLM display. For achieving the
latter, we apply a checkerboard phase mask on the SLM display where the gray
value varies between 0-255, thereby imparting a dynamic phase of up to
262{\deg} to the incident light beam. We couple a supercontinuum source into
the interferometer in order to mimic an astronomical object such as the Sun,
and choose a central wavelength of 637.4 nm akin to the strong emission line of
Fe X present in the solar spectrum. We use a bandwidth of 30 nm, and extract
fringes corresponding to a spectral resolution of 3.8 nm which is limited by
the reflectivity of the SLM. We also demonstrate a maximum wavelength
tunability of ~8 nm by varying the phase over the phase mask with a spectral
sampling of around 0.03 nm between intermediate fringes. The checkerboard phase
mask can be adapted close to real time on time-scales of a few tens of
milliseconds to obtain spectral information for other near-contiguous
wavelengths. The compactness, potential low cost, low power requirements,
real-time tunability and lack of moving mechanical parts in the setup implies
that it can have very useful applications in settings which require near
real-time, multi-wavelength spectroscopic applications, and is especially
relevant in space astronomy.

### Title: FAIR4Cov: Fused Audio Instance and Representation for COVID-19 Detection
* Paper ID: 2204.10581v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10581v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10581v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Audio-based classification techniques on body sounds have long been studied
to support diagnostic decisions, particularly in pulmonary diseases. In
response to the urgency of the COVID-19 pandemic, a growing number of models
are developed to identify COVID-19 patients based on acoustic input. Most
models focus on cough because the dry cough is the best-known symptom of
COVID-19. However, other body sounds, such as breath and speech, have also been
revealed to correlate with COVID-19 as well. In this work, rather than relying
on a specific body sound, we propose Fused Audio Instance and Representation
for COVID-19 Detection (FAIR4Cov). It relies on constructing a joint feature
vector obtained from a plurality of body sounds in waveform and spectrogram
representation. The core component of FAIR4Cov is a self-attention fusion unit
that is trained to establish the relation of multiple body sounds and audio
representations and integrate it into a compact feature vector. We set up our
experiments on different combinations of body sounds using only waveform,
spectrogram, and a joint representation of waveform and spectrogram. Our
findings show that the use of self-attention to combine extracted features from
cough, breath, and speech sounds leads to the best performance with an Area
Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve (AUC) score of 0.8658, a
sensitivity of 0.8057, and a specificity of 0.7958. This AUC is 0.0227 higher
than the one of the models trained on spectrograms only and 0.0847 higher than
the one of the models trained on waveforms only. The results demonstrate that
the combination of spectrogram with waveform representation helps to enrich the
extracted features and outperforms the models with single representation.

### Title: Extraction of different temperatures and kinetic freeze-out volume in high energy collisions
* Paper ID: 2204.10548v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10548v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10548v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We analyze the transverse momentum ($p_T$) spectra,
$1/N_{ev}$[(1/2$\pi$$p_T$) $d^2$$N$/$dyd$$p_T$], of kaon, proton, deuteron and
triton in different centrality events in gold-gold (Au-Au) collisions at
Relativistic Heavy Ion Collisions (RHIC) by Hagedorn thermal model and
extracted the excitation function of effective temperature, kinetic freeze-out
volume, initial temperature and kinetic freeze-out temperature. We perceived
that the effective temperature, initial temperature and kinetic freeze-out
temperature sharply increases from 7.7 GeV to 14.5 GeV and then remain static
from 14.5-39 GeV, and this consistency may disclose that the onset energy of
the phase transition of partial deconfinement and the whole deconfinement are
14.5 and 39 GeV respectively. The kinetic freeze-out volume and mean transverse
momentum grows with the rise of collision energy. Furthermore, the different
extracted temperatures are observed in the order of time evolution of the
interacting system, and they (as well as kinetic freeze-out volume) have an
increasing trend from peripheral to central collisions. We also observed the
mass dependence of the effective temperature and kinetic freeze-out volume
where former increases while the later decreases for heavier particles, which
indicates the early freeze-out of the heavier particles.

### Title: Exploring Hidden Semantics in Neural Networks with Symbolic Regression
* Paper ID: 2204.10529v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10529v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10529v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Many recent studies focus on developing mechanisms to explain the black-box
behaviors of neural networks (NNs). However, little work has been done to
extract the potential hidden semantics (mathematical representation) of a
neural network. A succinct and explicit mathematical representation of a NN
model could improve the understanding and interpretation of its behaviors. To
address this need, we propose a novel symbolic regression method for neural
works (called SRNet) to discover the mathematical expressions of a NN. SRNet
creates a Cartesian genetic programming (NNCGP) to represent the hidden
semantics of a single layer in a NN. It then leverages a multi-chromosome NNCGP
to represent hidden semantics of all layers of the NN. The method uses a
(1+$\lambda$) evolutionary strategy (called MNNCGP-ES) to extract the final
mathematical expressions of all layers in the NN. Experiments on 12 symbolic
regression benchmarks and 5 classification benchmarks show that SRNet not only
can reveal the complex relationships between each layer of a NN but also can
extract the mathematical representation of the whole NN. Compared with LIME and
MAPLE, SRNet has higher interpolation accuracy and trends to approximate the
real model on the practical dataset.

### Title: Proximity effects in graphene on monolayers of transition-metal phosphorus trichalcogenides MPX$_3$
* Paper ID: 2204.10524v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10524v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10524v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: We investigate the electronic band structure of graphene on a series of
two-dimensional magnetic transition-metal phosphorus trichalcogenide
monolayers, MPX$_3$ with M={Mn,Fe,Ni,Co} and X={S,Se}, with first-principles
calculations. A symmetry-based model Hamiltonian is employed to extract orbital
parameters and sublattice resolved proximity-induced exchange couplings
($\lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{A}$ and $\lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{B}$)
from the low-energy Dirac bands of the proximitized graphene. Depending on the
magnetic phase of the MPX$_3$ layer (ferromagnetic and three antiferromagnetic
ones), completely different Dirac dispersions can be realized with exchange
splittings ranging from 0 to 10~meV. Surprisingly, not only the magnitude of
the exchange couplings depends on the magnetic phase, but also the global sign
and the type. Important, one can realize uniform
($\lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{A} \approx \lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{B}$)
and staggered ($\lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{A} \approx
-\lambda_{\textrm{ex}}^\textrm{B}$) exchange couplings in graphene. From
selected cases, we find that the interlayer distance, as well as a transverse
electric field are efficient tuning knobs for the exchange splittings of the
Dirac bands. More specifically, decreasing the interlayer distance by only
about 10\%, a giant 5-fold enhancement of proximity exchange is found, while
applying few V/nm of electric field, provides tunability of proximity exchange
by tens of percent. We have also studied the dependence on the Hubbard $U$
parameter and find it to be weak. Moreover, we find that the effect of SOC on
the proximitized Dirac dispersion is negligible compared to the exchange
coupling.

### Title: Unifying Cosine and PLDA Back-ends for Speaker Verification
* Paper ID: 2204.10523v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10523v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10523v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: State-of-art speaker verification (SV) systems use a back-end model to score
the similarity of speaker embeddings extracted from a neural network model. The
commonly used back-end models are the cosine scoring and the probabilistic
linear discriminant analysis (PLDA) scoring. With the recently developed neural
embeddings, the theoretically more appealing PLDA approach is found to have no
advantage against or even be inferior the simple cosine scoring in terms of SV
system performance. This paper presents an investigation on the relation
between the two scoring approaches, aiming to explain the above
counter-intuitive observation. It is shown that the cosine scoring is
essentially a special case of PLDA scoring. In other words, by properly setting
the parameters of PLDA, the two back-ends become equivalent. As a consequence,
the cosine scoring not only inherits the basic assumptions for the PLDA but
also introduces additional assumptions on the properties of input embeddings.
Experiments show that the dimensional independence assumption required by the
cosine scoring contributes most to the performance gap between the two methods
under the domain-matched condition. When there is severe domain mismatch and
the dimensional independence assumption does not hold, the PLDA would perform
better than the cosine for domain adaptation.

### Title: Taygete at SemEval-2022 Task 4: RoBERTa based models for detecting Patronising and Condescending Language
* Paper ID: 2204.10519v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10519v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10519v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: This work describes the development of different models to detect patronising
and condescending language within extracts of news articles as part of the
SemEval 2022 competition (Task-4). This work explores different models based on
the pre-trained RoBERTa language model coupled with LSTM and CNN layers. The
best models achieved 15$^{th}$ rank with an F1-score of 0.5924 for subtask-A
and 12$^{th}$ in subtask-B with a macro-F1 score of 0.3763.

### Title: LiDetector: License Incompatibility Detection for Open Source Software
* Paper ID: 2204.10502v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10502v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10502v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Open-source software (OSS) licenses dictate the conditions which should be
followed to reuse, distribute, and modify the software. Apart from widely-used
licenses such as the MIT License, developers are also allowed to customize
their own licenses (called custom licenses), whose descriptions are more
flexible. The presence of such various licenses imposes challenges to
understanding licenses and their compatibility. To avoid financial and legal
risks, it is essential to ensure license compatibility when integrating
third-party packages or reusing code accompanied with licenses. In this work,
we propose LiDetector, an effective tool that extracts and interprets OSS
licenses (including both official licenses and custom licenses), and detects
license incompatibility among these licenses. Specifically, LiDetector
introduces a learning-based method to automatically identify meaningful license
terms from an arbitrary license and employs Probabilistic Context-Free Grammar
(PCFG) to infer rights and obligations for incompatibility detection.
Experiments demonstrate that LiDetector outperforms existing methods with
93.28% precision for term identification, and 91.09% accuracy for right and
obligation inference, and can effectively detect incompatibility with a 10.06%
FP rate and 2.56% FN rate. Furthermore, with LiDetector, our large-scale
empirical study on 1,846 projects reveals that 72.91% of the projects are
suffering from license incompatibility, including popular ones such as the MIT
License and the Apache License. We highlighted lessons learned from the
perspectives of different stakeholders and made all related data and the
replication package publicly available to facilitate follow-up research.

### Title: Attentions Help CNNs See Better: Attention-based Hybrid Image Quality Assessment Network
* Paper ID: 2204.10485v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10485v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10485v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Image quality assessment (IQA) algorithm aims to quantify the human
perception of image quality. Unfortunately, there is a performance drop when
assessing the distortion images generated by generative adversarial network
(GAN) with seemingly realistic texture. In this work, we conjecture that this
maladaptation lies in the backbone of IQA models, where patch-level prediction
methods use independent image patches as input to calculate their scores
separately, but lack spatial relationship modeling among image patches.
Therefore, we propose an Attention-based Hybrid Image Quality Assessment
Network (AHIQ) to deal with the challenge and get better performance on the
GAN-based IQA task. Firstly, we adopt a two-branch architecture, including a
vision transformer (ViT) branch and a convolutional neural network (CNN) branch
for feature extraction. The hybrid architecture combines interaction
information among image patches captured by ViT and local texture details from
CNN. To make the features from shallow CNN more focused on the visually salient
region, a deformable convolution is applied with the help of semantic
information from the ViT branch. Finally, we use a patch-wise score prediction
module to obtain the final score. The experiments show that our model
outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on four standard IQA datasets and AHIQ
ranked first on the Full Reference (FR) track of the NTIRE 2022 Perceptual
Image Quality Assessment Challenge.

### Title: SE-GAN: Skeleton Enhanced GAN-based Model for Brush Handwriting Font Generation
* Paper ID: 2204.10484v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10484v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10484v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Previous works on font generation mainly focus on the standard print fonts
where character's shape is stable and strokes are clearly separated. There is
rare research on brush handwriting font generation, which involves holistic
structure changes and complex strokes transfer. To address this issue, we
propose a novel GAN-based image translation model by integrating the skeleton
information. We first extract the skeleton from training images, then design an
image encoder and a skeleton encoder to extract corresponding features. A
self-attentive refined attention module is devised to guide the model to learn
distinctive features between different domains. A skeleton discriminator is
involved to first synthesize the skeleton image from the generated image with a
pre-trained generator, then to judge its realness to the target one. We also
contribute a large-scale brush handwriting font image dataset with six styles
and 15,000 high-resolution images. Both quantitative and qualitative
experimental results demonstrate the competitiveness of our proposed model.

### Title: Global Mapping of Gene/Protein Interactions in PubMed Abstracts: A Framework and an Experiment with P53 Interactions
* Paper ID: 2204.10476v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10476v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10476v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Gene/protein interactions provide critical information for a thorough
understanding of cellular processes. Recently, considerable interest and effort
has been focused on the construction and analysis of genome-wide gene networks.
The large body of biomedical literature is an important source of gene/protein
interaction information. Recent advances in text mining tools have made it
possible to automatically extract such documented interactions from free-text
literature. In this paper, we propose a comprehensive framework for
constructing and analyzing large-scale gene functional networks based on the
gene/protein interactions extracted from biomedical literature repositories
using text mining tools. Our proposed framework consists of analyses of the
network topology, network topology-gene function relationship, and temporal
network evolution to distill valuable information embedded in the gene
functional interactions in literature. We demonstrate the application of the
proposed framework using a testbed of P53-related PubMed abstracts, which shows
that literature-based P53 networks exhibit small-world and scale-free
properties. We also found that high degree genes in the literature-based
networks have a high probability of appearing in the manually curated database
and genes in the same pathway tend to form local clusters in our
literature-based networks. Temporal analysis showed that genes interacting with
many other genes tend to be involved in a large number of newly discovered
interactions.

### Title: Sparse dynamical system identification with simultaneous structural parameters and initial condition estimation
* Paper ID: 2204.10472v1
* Paper URL: [http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10472v1](http://arxiv.org/abs/2204.10472v1)
* Updated Date: 2022-04-22
* Code URL: null
* Summary: Sparse Identification of Nonlinear Dynamics (SINDy) has been shown to
successfully recover governing equations from data; however, this approach
assumes the initial condition to be exactly known in advance and is sensitive
to noise. In this work we propose an integral SINDy (ISINDy) method to
simultaneously identify model structure and parameters of nonlinear ordinary
differential equations (ODEs) from noisy time-series observations. First, the
states are estimated via penalized spline smoothing and then substituted into
the integral-form numerical discretization solver, leading to a pseudo-linear
regression. The sequential threshold least squares is performed to extract the
fewest active terms from the overdetermined set of candidate features, thereby
estimating structural parameters and initial condition simultaneously and
meanwhile, making the identified dynamics parsimonious and interpretable.
Simulations detail the method's recovery accuracy and robustness to noise.
Examples include a logistic equation, Lokta-Volterra system, and Lorenz system.

